100
1 Abomasnow (Japanese:  Yukinooh) is a dual-type Grass Ice Pokemon.It evolves from Snover starting at level 40. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Abomasnow using the Abomasite.Abomasnow is a large, bipedal creature covered in shaggy, white fur. It has pale purple eyes with bushy eyebrows and long strands of fur covering its mouth. Two tufts of longer fur grow on both its back and chest, with the chest fur being longer on the female. Its hands, feet, and tail are dark green and spiky, similar to the foliage of an evergreen tree. On its back are four green spikes that resemble pinecones. Abomasnow lives in snowy mountains and appears only when snow flowers bloom. Once the flowers die, it retreats to isolated areas. It is able to create blizzards to hide itself.The sprouts on its back grow into great shafts of ice when this Pokemon Mega Evolves into Mega Abomasnow[1]. Its fur becomes longer and shaggy over its entire body, particularly around its head. Green fur or sprout remnants surround the base of the large icicles on its back, while white fur covers the middle.Abomasnow appeared in Pikachu's Ice Adventure.Candice's Abomasnow made an other appearance in Classroom Training!. It also appeared in Sliding Into Seventh! where it was used against Ash in a Gym battle and later on in Double-Time Battle Training!.An Abomasnow appeared in Survival of the Striaton Gym! under the ownership of Morana.Abomasnow's debut appearance was in Giratina and the Sky Warrior where it helped Ash's friends to stop the glacier.Another Abomasnow appeared in Dawn of a Royal Day! in a Pokemon Contest.An Abomasnow appeared in the beginning scenes of Zoroark: Master of Illusions.An Abomasnow that can Mega Evolve into Mega Abomasnow appeared in Mega Evolution Special I.Abomasnow is one of the Pokemon Team Galactic used while attacking Sun Sun. It was bested by Hiori's Lucario's Bone Rush.An Abomasnow belonging to Candice was first seen when she took it out of its ball to save Platinum after she fainted from the cold on her way to Snowpoint City. Later, she used it in her Gym match against the same girl, where it lost to her Lopunny's Jump Kick after Candice switched out Froslass.Abomasnow appears as a Poke Ball summon in the 3DS version of the game. When summoned, it will use Blizzard to draw in opponents, and can also attack with Ice Punch.A solitary Grass Ice type, Abomasnow loves to live in the snowy mountains, though it occasionally mingles with people as well. In Smash Bros., it uses a combo of Blizzard and Ice Punch, punishing anyone who gets too close. It can change direction when attacking, so sneaking up on it from behind won't work!Abomasnow appears to be based on a cross between an evergreen tree covered in snow and a yeti.Abomasnow is a shortening of the term Abominable Snowman, another name for the yeti.Yukinooh may come to mean  yuki no  (snow king).
2 Abra (Japanese:  Casey) is a Psychic-type Pokemon.It evolves into Kadabra starting at level 16, which evolves into Alakazam when traded.Abra is a bipedal Pokemon that is primarily yellow. Its face is kite-shaped, with a small, pale yellow snout and two short, pointed ears with pale yellow interiors. Its wide, narrow eyes are normally closed. Abra's body is segmented with black skin is visible between its joints and along its neck. It has two brown, pauldron-shaped extensions on its shoulders, as well as a brown, fauld-like piece around its chest. It has three fingers and toes, with its fingers considerably shorter than its toes. Its tail is thick and long, with a brown band located near the tip.Abra can sense danger by reading minds. When it does, it teleports itself to a safe location so quickly that it creates the illusion of having made copies of itself. By hypnotizing itself, Abra is able to teleport or use any of its other extrasensory abilities at any time. Due to the strain of its telepathic powers, however, Abra sleeps 18 hours each day. If it fails to rest long enough, it will become unable to use its powers. Abra lives in urban areas, but has been observed to teleport to a different location once per hour.Sabrina, the Gym Leader of Saffron City, had an Abra that eventually evolved into a Kadabra in Abra and the Psychic Showdown.In The Psychic Sidekicks!, one of the citizens of Len Town, Mrs. Bellows owned an Abra which kept teleporting itself onto other people's heads.In Fear Factor Phony, an Abra was among the group of Psychic Pokemon living in an abandoned mining town. The little Psi Pokemon was asleep the whole episode in a sound-proof force-field.An Abra appeared under the ownership Mira in Sandshrew's Locker!.An Abra briefly appeared in Lights, Camera, Quack-tion.An Abra was one of the stars of the Pokemon Showboat in Stage Fight.An Abra was one of Lucy's pets.An Abra is owned by one of the students of Snowpoint Trainers' School in Classroom Training!.An Abra made a small cameo in the "World of Pokemon" opening of Kyurem VS. The Sword of Justice, in which every Pokemon from the first five generations (apart from Genesect) appeared.An Abra appeared as a mask for the festival in Capacia Island UFO!.An Abra appeared in A Jolting Switcheroo!.An Abra appeared in Dreaming a Performer's Dream!.Sabrina uses her Abra in a Gym match against Ash in the chapter Haunting My Dreams. Later in the same chapter, Abra helps Brock and Ash rescue Sabrina from a giant Haunter known as the Black Fog.Abra makes a cameo in Danger: High Voltorb as the stolen Pokemon of the Pokemon Fan Club President. While undergoing hardship in S.S. Anne in Lt. Surge's ownership, it evolved all the way into an Alakazam, which the president almost fainted upon seeing.An Abra was seen in a Poke Ball at Oak's Laboratory in Cherrygrove in Off Course with Corsola.Green is seen to have an Abra as of Volume 13, using its Teleport attack to transport Silver away to a safer location. The boy was able to take this opportunity to seize a Flower Mail from the Pokemon with his Sneasel though, and appear in Ilex Forest to participate in the last battle with the Masked Man.An Abra was one of the Pokemon sent to help the fight in Ilex Forest in The Last Battle XIII.Saturn also has an Abra that he used against Paka and Uji, but after putting up a tough fight, lost along with his Croagunk.One Abra figure has been released.It is likely based on a mystic or psychic. It also has similarities to goats and foxes, both animals with ties to magic.Abra is part of an incantation used in stage magic, Abracadabra. It may also derive from the Spanish word cabra (goat).Casey is a reference to Edgar Cayce, a purported psychic famous for entering self-induced trances, as the Japanese names of the Abra line are based on famous mystics.
3 Absol (Japanese:  Absol) is a Dark-type Pokemon.While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon, it can Mega Evolve into Mega Absol using the Absolite.Absol is a quadruped, mammalian Pokemon with a dark blue to gray body covered in white fur. It has a ruff around its neck and chest and a tuft on the top of its head adorned with a single blue-black oval. It has a feline face with almond-shaped, red eyes, a scythe-like tail, and a sickle-shaped horn on the side of its head. Its broad feet are equipped with three claws each, and spikes protrude from the heels of its hind legs and the elbows of its front legs.As Mega Absol, its fur is longer overall, and the increased energy coursing through its body makes the fur at the back of its mane stand on end, so that it appears to have wings.[1] The spikes on its heels and elbows grow larger, and the fur in these areas becomes longer as well. Its sickle-shaped horn widens, while an additional, smaller horn appears on the opposite side of its head. Its tail now has a more saw-like shape, and the oval marking on its forehead is now a rounded triangle.Absol lives in the mountains far from civilization, and rarely ventures down from its alpine home. Using its horn, Absol is able to sense even subtle changes in the sky and the land to predict when a natural disaster will occur, and will try to warn people when one is approaching. This often has the unfortunate effect of Absol itself being blamed for the disaster.Absol first appeared in Jirachi: Wish Maker. The Disaster Pokemon showed up to take Jirachi back to Forina. However, Absol wasn't evil, and helped Jirachi once it returned to Forina.The Disaster Pokemon made its first anime appearance in Absol-ute Disaster. The people of a town were blaming Absol for all the bad things that were happening to their town during the past month. Ash and friends (along with a boy named Nicky) went out to search whether or not the accusations were true. They found out that the Absol was actually warning the town about a flood.An Absol owned by Mollie appeared in What I Did for Love! She used it in a Contest where it battled Brock's Marshtomp and lost.Drew captured and trained an Absol for the Kanto Grand Festival, as seen in May, We Harley Drew'd Ya!.Mega Absol made its debut appearance in Mega Evolution Special I and appeared in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction, under the ownership of Astrid.An Absol appeared in The Bonds of Evolution!, under the ownership of Magnus.An Absol appeared in Mutiny in the Bounty, captured by the evil Hunter J and her henchmen after Ash's Pikachu, Melodi's Gardevoir and Team Rocket's Meowth got stolen. The Absol was returned to its rightful owner after Ash, Team Rocket, and Melodi reunited with their Pokemon and some of J's minions were arrested.An Absol made a brief cameo in Destiny Deoxys and Giratina and the Sky Warrior.An Absol appears in the Ruby & Sapphire chapter of the Pokemon Adventures manga. It first appears to Ruby, who shudders in fear immediately. Absol is also present in the feud between Kyogre and Groudon. Like in the anime, Absol is accused of bringing disaster.Absol is one of Koya's main Pokemon. It is used in his battles at the Pokemon League, and in subsequent battles against Team Galactic.One Absol figure has been released.Absol is most likely based on the Bai Ze () of Chinese mythology, whose name literally translates to "white marsh." It is generally described as a white beast, distinguished by having one or two horns on its head. Considered to be an intelligent beast, Bai Ze is gifted with the ability to understand human speech and the knowledge on the forms and habits of 11,520 types of supernatural creatures in the world. In legend, Bai Ze shared its knowledge to the Yellow Emperor, which was subsequently compiled in a book called Bai Ze Tu. Few of its supposed fragments survive today. In Japan, it is known as the hakutaku (). In a related legend, a similar creature known as the kutabe predicted that a plague would sweep through the Toyama Prefecture of Japan. It is also sometimes said to have an extra eye on their head or back, which may be represented by the oval that appears on Absol's forehead.Absol's head is modeled after a Taijitu symbol. Absol's humanized face and feline appearance may also be a homage to the sphinx. Its scythe-shaped tail and horn suggest a resemblance to the Western personified depiction of Death, who is related to destiny and disaster. It may have also been inspired by the black cat superstition.Absol may derive from  buss (dangerous). It may also be a combination of ab- ("away from") and sol (Latin for sun), referring to its Dark-type nature. The latter may also be a reference to a solar eclipse, as many cultures considered a solar eclipse as a sign of end-times or disaster. It may also be derived from absolute, relating to its ability to foretell impending disasters.
4 Accelgor (Japanese:  Agilder) is a Bug-type Pokemon.It evolves from Shelmet when traded for a Karrablast, which evolves into Escavalier simultaneously. Neither evolves if at least one holds an Everstone during the trade.Accelgor has a large pink head reminiscent of a helmet that is curled in the back. Green stripes run from its eyes to the top of its head, and there is a black star-like marking or hole on the front. Its eyes are hidden in a shadowed crevice in its head. The rest of its body is covered by a dull blue, cloth-like membrane, which keeps Accelgor from dehydrating, with ribbon-like extensions at the top of its back. Its arms, when crossed, portray an aggressive mood. It is a very fast Pokemon; it can attack using ways similar to ninjas. It lives in moist habitats like bogs and swamps.Accelgor debuted in The Mighty Accelguard to the Rescue! under the ownership of Charles.Bianca's Shelmet evolved into an Accelgor in Evolution Exchange Excitement!, after being traded with Professor Juniper for her Karrablast.Alder has an Accelgor which was used to battle Marshal at the Battle Subway.An Accelgor appears as the Burst form of Karuta. His father also has an Accelgor, which he can use as his Burst form.Accelgor appears to be based on an auto racer or a ninja, combined with a giant tube worm. Its cloth-like "clothing" and Bug type suggest it may also be based on the bagworm pupa.Accelgor may be a combination of accelerate and escargot (French for snail).Agilder may be a combination of agile and rider.
5 Aegislash (Japanese:  Gillguard) is a dual-type Steel Ghost Pokemon.It evolves from Doublade when exposed to a Dusk Stone. It is the final form of Honedge.Aegislash has the ability to change forms during battle, depending on the moves it is using.Aegislash's body is comprised of a golden sword with the blade pointing downwards. The edge of the blade is white and somewhat serrated near the tip. Its single eye, which is purple with a white, linear pupil, sits where the blade meets the hilt, where it is surrounded by black coloration. The handle is thick at its base, tapers as it progresses to the end, and is striated. Two cloth-like arms emerge from the sides of the hilt. Each arm is primarily black and ends in lavender, transitioned by a slight whorl between the two colors. It carries an ornate shield in at least one of its arms.Aegislash is capable of changing its stance in the middle of battle, depending on what moves it uses. It carries out offensive moves in its Blade Forme, in which it carries its shield in its left arm and exposes its blade, which it uses to slash its opponents. Defensive moves are performed in its Shield Forme, in which it holds its shield up in front of its blade, with both of its arms crossed behind the shield.It is said to be able to detect the innate qualities of leadership; legend has it that whoever Aegislash recognizes as a worthy leader is destined to become king. Indeed, this Pokemon has attended and served generations of kings. It is also known to use its spectral power to manipulate people and Pokemon alike. Aegislash is the only known Pokemon that can learn King's Shield.Aegislash made it its anime debut in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction, under the ownership of Argus Steel.Celosia of Team Flare owns an Aegislash, which she used in conjuction with her Honedge to possess Shauna.Aegislash appears to be based on a possessed sword and shield. Its disposition to sense an owner's potential as leaders and kings, seems to draw inspiration from the ideas of mythical swords of European legend, chiefly Excalibur.Aegislash is a combination of Aegis (Zeus' shield in Greek mythology) and slash.Gillguard may be a combination of Gilgamesh or gild (to cover with a layer of gold),  kiru (to slay with a blade) or kill, and guard.
6 Aerodactyl (Japanese:  Ptera) is a dual-type Rock Flying Fossil Pokemon.It is resurrected from an Old Amber, and while is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon, it can Mega Evolve into Mega Aerodactyl using the Aerodactylite.Aerodactyl is a large, bipedal Pokemon. Its head has two vicious eyes, pointed ears and a mouth full of serrated fangs. It has light violet-gray skin over much of its body, two pale violet membranes stretched between its arms and sides. Aerodactyl has plate-like spines going down its back, leading to its strong, triangular spade-tipped tail. Its talon-like feet are capable of scooping up and tightly clutching its prey.When Aerodactyl Mega Evolves, its body begins to turn to stone, which, according to some researchers, was how it looked before it fossilized.[1] This Pokemon becomes paler and gains multiple black spikes all over its body. There are five spikes on each wing replacing its hands, three on its tail, one large spike on its back, and one on the back of each foot. Five additional spikes appear on its head: two replacing its pointed ears, two on the sides of its face and one on its chin. There are now two black plates above its eyes. It has three dark bumps on its chest: two small marks and a longer mark between the other two. Its eyes have changed to a dark green color.Due to the sharp appearance of Aerodactyl's fangs, it was originally thought to be a carnivore. However, the anime shows it joyfully consuming fruit. Still, its sharp fangs are very imposing, and are said to be used to rip out the throats of its enemies easily. With its impressive wings, Aerodactyl is well at home within the skies. It fearlessly soars high, letting out its high-pitched cries freely. When at rest it enjoys the safety and seclusion of the mountains where it likes to nest. Aerodactyl is extant using Fossil revitalization, but is considered extinct in the wild.Aerodactyl first appeared in Attack of the Prehistoric Pokemon. It scared off the other Generation I Fossil Pokemon that were chasing Ash and Team Rocket. It then kidnapped the young Trainer, who was rescued by his Charizard. Todd took a photo of this Aerodactyl, which was seen in Pokemon Paparazzi. The same Aerodactyl appeared in a flashback in Who Gets To Keep Togepi? and The Fires of a Red-Hot Reunion!.Fossils of Kabutops and Aerodactyl were resurrected by Annie and Oakley in Pokemon Heroes; in the English dub, they were once used by an evil Pokemon Trainer to torment the civilians of Alto Mare, but were drowned when a Latios brought water to the city. They were sent to chase after Ash and Latias. They have blank, yellow-tinted eyes with no pupils and are lined with a thick black outline.Putting the Air Back in Aerodactyl featured an Aerodactyl that was revived by Gary Oak. The Aerodactyl seemed to enjoy eating a pear-like fruit that grew in the forests of an island. Team Rocket agents Butch and Cassidy wanted to steal this Aerodactyl in order to present it to Dr. Namba, but were stopped by Gary's Umbreon and Dodrio, and the Aerodactyl itself, who sent the two Rockets flying with a Hyper Beam.Another Aerodactyl appeared in Wild in the Streets, where it terrorized Oreburgh City after being revived from its Fossil state, until it was caught by Dr. Kenzo.Two Aerodactyl can be seen flying within the Tree of Beginning in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew. Also, one appeared in the opening of the movie.A Mirage Aerodactyl appeared in The Mastermind of Mirage Pokemon to kidnap Professor Oak and Dr. Yung.An Aerodactyl made a brief cameo in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky - Beyond Time & Darkness.An Aerodactyl appeared in the opening scenes of Zoroark: Master of Illusions.An Aerodactyl that can Mega Evolve into Mega Aerodactyl appeared in Mega Evolution Special I.An Aerodactyl appeared as a skeleton in an exhibit in the Ambrette Town laboratory in Coming Back Into The Cold!.Aerodactyl appeared as a Fossil in File 1: Red.An Aerodactyl appeared in Fossil + Pokemon = Aerodactyl!? where it got revived from an Old Amber.Red obtains an Aerodactyl from a resurrected piece of Old Amber which he revives in Holy Moltres and names it Aero. He has since then used it extensively for aerial transportation and combat. Another appeared as a silhouette in the Holy Moltres in Blaine's fantasy of what the Old Amber would turn into when it was revived.Lance has his own Aerodactyl that he also uses for aerial transportation and combat which first appeared in Extricated from Exeggutor. He also owns multiple other Aerodactyl which were used in his Dragon-type army that were used to attack the mainlands of Kanto. They first appeared in Playing Horsea.Lance owns an Aerodactyl as seen in Space Havoc!!.It appears to be based upon pterosaurs, prehistoric flying reptiles, particularly the rhamphorhynchoidea branch, due to Aerodactyl's possession of teeth and a long tail. It also seems to possess some dragon-like characteristics, such as that of a wyvern, a two legged variety of dragon, which would explain its being on Lance's team.Aerodactyl is a combination of aero (Greek for air) and pterodactyl.Ptera derives from pterosaur.
7 Aggron (Japanese:  Bossgodora) is a dual-type Steel Rock Pokemon.It evolves from Lairon starting at level 42. It is the final form of Aron. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Aggron using the Aggronite.Aggron is a huge, bipedal Pokemon. It is primarily black with plates of silver-colored armor. The armor on its head has two pairs of holes with horns protruding from the foremost holes. Its forehead plating extends past its upper jaw in a small point. It has sky-blue eyes, and two nostril-like holes on the tip of its upper jaw. On the rim of its mouth are several pointed, fang-like protrusions and the nape of its neck and back have gray-silver armor sections. It has wide, blunt spikes on its shoulders, and gray-silver bands on its arms and legs. Its hands and feet each have three claws. It has a thick, long, black tail that it can swing at enemies.Mega Aggron is bulkier and more heavily plated than its previous state. The horns on its forehead are now shorter, and it has a third, wider horn on its nose. Using its horns, it is said to be able to destroy a steel tank.[1] A spike projects downward from both its upper and lower jaw. The protrusions on its shoulders are longer and curve toward its head, and new spikes thrust from holes in its armbands. Its tail is thicker with two bands around it.The gouges in Aggron's armor from previous battles are worn as mementos. The more wounds it has, the more it has battled. It claims a large mountain as its territory and fiercely defends it from trespassers. If its environment is damaged by a flood or a forest fire, it will restore the area by bringing in topsoil and planting trees. It burrows through the strongest of bedrock and digs tunnels, as it searches for iron to eat. Its horns, which it uses to dig through bedrock when seeking food, grow a little longer at a time and can be used to determine its age.Aggron's first major appearance in A Hole Lotta Trouble, under the ownership of Steven Stone. The Iron Armor Pokemon was used to send Team Rocket flying.An Aggron sent a Skarmory to kidnap an Azumarill to sing for him and his children in Pikachu's Summer Festival.Tyson's Sceptile defeated an Aggron belonging to a man named Johnny in Shocks and Bonds.Jessie and James were given a Charizard and Aggron in Grating Spaces. The two Pokemon were used to battle Ash's Donphan and Brock's Steelix.An Aggron is owned by the head engineer in Bibarel Gnaws Best!In Pokemon Ranger and the Kidnapped Riolu! Part Two, Pokemon Hunter J's client used an Aggron to block up passages in a cave to prevent Ash and Kellyn from following him.Another Aggron appeared in Steeling Peace of Mind! and Saving the World From Ruins! where it was one of the Steel-type Pokemon on Iron Island that had gone crazy due to Team Galactic.An Aggron appeared in Trials and Adulations!, where it fought against Dawn's Mamoswine.An Aggron appeared in Familiarity Breeds Strategy! under the ownership of Paul where it was used in the battle against Ash.It almost defeated Pikachu with its powerful moves,but could not stand on the same par as his Infernape and got knocked down by the latter.Aggron also made a cameo in Jirachi: Wish Maker. Brendan was using it in a Double Battle alongside a Shiftry.Multiple Aggron appeared in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew as part of the feuding armies. Also, an Aggron under the ownership of an unnamed Trainer won against another Trainer's Hitmonlee during the town of Rota tournament.Dr. Yung used a mirage Aggron in The Mastermind of Mirage Pokemon.Conway owns an Aggron. It made a cameo in Glory Blaze!Aggron, together with its evolutionary family Aron and Lairon, appeared in Giratina and the Sky Warrior where it helped his friends to stop the glacier.An Aggron appeared in One Team, Two Team, Red Team, Blue Team!An Aggron appeared in the opening scenes of Zoroark: Master of Illusions.An Aggron appeared in The Journalist from Another Region!.An Aggron that can Mega Evolve into Mega Aggron appeared in Mega Evolution Special I.In Pokemon Adventures, Sapphire has a male Aggron that is nicknamed Rono, which evolved twice from the Aron that was given to her by her father, Professor Birch. It was used in her Gym battle with Brawly and against Aqua Admin Matt, as well as against Tucker, though it failed to win in all the occasions save against Matt. Giovanni later uses an Aggron to shatter Deoxys's triangular prism-like barrier with its Brick Break attack, capturing it. It has not been seen since.Aggron may be based on the Pulgasari, a monster that eats iron in Korean legend. It may also be based on a Triceratops and various therapods.Aggron may be a combination of aggressive, iron, and don. It may also involve aggro (British slang for "aggressive, violent behavior").Bossgodora may be a combination of boss and dragon, or may be a combination of boss and Kodora (Lairon's Japanese name). It may also involve god.
8 Aipom (Japanese:  Eipam) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves into Ambipom when leveled up while knowing Double Hit.Aipom is a monkey-like Pokemon with a three-fingered hand at the end of its tail. Its fur is purple, while the skin of its face, inner ears, belly, feet, and the tip of its tail is beige. On its face are a usually cheeky smile and round, blue eyes. Supplemented by its round ears, Aipom's head is disproportionately large compared to its body. Atop its head is a cowlick that is longer on females than males. Unlike its feet, Aipom's arms are simple, purple stubs.Aipom uses its powerful tail freely and cleverly for many purposes. The tail is strong enough to anchor Aipom to a branch and suspend the rest of its body in the air, but also delicate enough to pick fruit and manipulate objects. Aipom has been known to wrap its tail around tree branches as it sleeps so it does not fall. Since Aipom uses its tail so much, its actual arms are not as dexterous. Aipom lives high in the treetops, using its tail for balance as it swings from branch to branch.Multiple Aipom appeared in Slaking Kong, one of which stole Ash's hat. In Channeling the Battle Zone, Ash captured the aforementioned Aipom. Her behavior is similar to that of Ash's Chikorita: attention-seeking, very naughty at times, and occasionally jealous. However, she developed a close bond with Ash. In Throwing the Track Switch, Ash traded her to Dawn for Buizel because Aipom had a love of Contests and Buizel was more interested in Gym battles. Aipom evolved into Ambipom in Journey to the Unown! while battling the attacking Unown.Aipom first appeared in Spell of the Unown under the ownership of Lisa.An Aipom made off with one of Delibird's missing presents in Delibird's Dilemma.A group of Aipom were causing mischief in A Hot Water Battle.In Hocus Pokemon, an Aipom's tear was needed for a spell.Two Aipom were part of a Pokemon street festival in Doin' What Comes Natu-rally.Three Aipom were among the inhabitants of an oasis just for Pokemon in Got Miltank?.In Extreme Pokemon, a recently hatched, baby Aipom appeared in a Pokemon Egg Ranch.An Aipom was one of the Pokemon seen in a forest outside the Ice Path in EP250.An Aipom made a brief appearance in Pokemon Heroes, where it watched the Tour de Alto Mare, a water chariot race.Four Aipom were among the Pokemon resting in some hot springs in Entei at Your Own Risk.Various Aipom appeared in A Bite to Remember.An Aipom appeared in Hi Ho Silver Wind!.A wild Mew took the form of an Aipom in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew.An Aipom appeared in The Saffron Con as a Pokemon owned by a Coordinator.An Aipom also appeared in Historical Mystery Tour!.An Aipom made a very brief appearance in League Unleashed!.An Aipom appeared in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin!.In Pokemon Adventures, Gold has an Aipom named Aibo which first appeared in Murkrow Row, one of the Pokemon he grew up with at his house in New Bark Town. Because it was not very powerful, it was typically used in situations that needed its dexterity or for distracting opponents with Double Team. In the battle against the Masked Man, it showed its worth by having Sudobo inherit the speed boost of its Agility to restrain the villain. It was also very skilled with pulling fast ones or using Gold's equipment to send out multiple Pokemon at once, as displayed when it spun Gold's billiard cue around to power up Exbo's Blast Burn attack.In the HeartGold & SoulSilver chapter, it was revealed to have evolved into an Ambipom. Its evolution was later depicted by flashbacks.Aipom will not appear in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team until a rescue mission involving it has been completed, using the following Wonder Mail code:Aipom appears to be based on a monkey and the exaggerated concept of a prehensile tail. It may be specifically based on the squirrel monkey, which is similar in appearance. Aipom also shares its large smile with a cymbal-banging monkey toy. It is also similar to an ahuizotl, a creature of Aztec mythology with monkey hands and a fifth human hand on its tail.Aipom and Eipam may be a combination of ape and palm (referring to the hand on its tail). It may also refer to a pom-pom.
9 Alakazam (Japanese:  Foodin) is a Psychic-type Pokemon.It evolves from Kadabra when traded. It is the final form of Abra. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Alakazam using the Alakazite.Alakazam is characterized by its humanoid structure and large mustache. The female Alakazam has a significantly shorter mustache than the male. Its snout is long and thin, and it has long, ear-like spikes extending from the back of its head. It has brown armor-like sections over its chest, shoulders, forearms and knees, which cover its yellow skeletal body. There are three toes on each foot, each of which has a white claw. It wields a silver spoon in each hand, each of which acts as an amplifier for its psychic abilities. Alakazam is able to lower the accuracy of its opponents by bending the spoons it wields, using its signature move Kinesis.As Mega Alakazam, this Pokemon gains a large white beard and its mustache becomes larger and white. The armor-like sections become bulkier, with its upper body section becoming slightly shorter to reveal its thin stomach. The head becomes diamond-shaped. It keeps its four ear-like spikes, and gains a large, oval, red organ in the center of its forehead. The organ is said to emit psychic power.[1] Its lower legs become longer and slimmer and its feet become skinnier and resemble talons. It gains three additional spoons, which it levitates in the air.Alakazam is able to use all forms of psychic abilities. These powers are used to move its body, as opposed to its weak muscles. It also uses its psychic powers to hold up its head, which is too heavy to be supported by its neck, due to its continually growing brain. It is said to have an excellent memory and can remember everything that it has experienced since hatching as an Abra, and has an IQ that exceeds 5,000. It is found in urban areas.A giant Alakazam was awakened near the site of the Pokemopolis ruins in The Ancient Puzzle of Pokemopolis.Alakazam also made an appearance in Pokemon Double Trouble. This Alakazam was used by Luana, the Gym Leader of Kumquat Island, in a Double Battle against Ash.Gary Oak was seen battling Alex Davis's Alakazam with his new Umbreon in Power Play!.Alakazam appeared under the ownership of Eusine in For Ho-Oh the Bells Toll and The Legend of Thunder!.Vito Winstrate had his Alakazam stop his grandmother's Camerupt's rampage in Candid Camerupt!.Anabel owns an Alakazam that appeared in Talking a Good Game and Second Time's the Charm.Kenny uses his Alakazam in the first round of the Floaroma Pokemon Contest in Settling a Not-So-Old Score!.An Alakazam was used by one of the participants of the Pokemon Ping Pong Tournament in To Thine Own Pokemon Be True!.An Alakazam appeared in Mewtwo Strikes Back as one of the Pokemon Mewtwo defeated while serving for Giovanni.An Alakazam belonging to Rudy made a cameo appearance in Misty Meets Her Match.Alakazam also appeared in The Power of One.An Alakazam was part of an exhibition in Flower Power.An Alakazam was one of the Pokemon living in Len Town in The Psychic Sidekicks!.Gary himself has an Alakazam that he may or may not have caught as an Abra or a Kadabra. This Alakazam was seen in Gary's profile in The Ties that Bind!.An Alakazam was used by a Coordinator during Hoenn's Grand Festival in Deceit and Assist.An Alakazam was living in abandoned mining colony with several other Psychic-type Pokemon in Fear Factor Phony.Alakazam along with its teammates had a cameo in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Team Go-Getters Out of the Gate!. They were considered for the job of rescuing Big Brother Pikachu but were unavailable as they were already on another mission.An Alakazam also appeared in One Big Happiny Family! in Jessie's fantasy.An Alakazam also made an appearance in Historical Mystery Tour! under the ownership of a Clown.An Alakazam that can Mega Evolve into Mega Alakazam appeared in Mega Evolution Special I.Sabrina's Alakazam briefly appeared in File 3: Giovanni getting beaten by Red's Haunter.Blue used an Alakazam during his battle with Red in the Pokemon League in File 3: Giovanni.Alakazam debuts in Buzz Off, Electabuzz! when Red frees the Pokemon kidnapped by Lt. Surge; instead of his beloved Abra, the President of the Pokemon Fan Club finds himself with an Alakazam.Sabrina is also seen in possession of an Alakazam in Karate Machop!, which she uses to hand out the eight Spoons of Destiny (Red also received one prior to appearing at Cerise Island from Giovanni). Otherwise, it is not seen as much in battle as its pre-evolved form. Later in the Black 2 & White 2 chapter Sabrina has her Alakazam use its abilities to pick out a Brycen-Man movie for Whi-Two.In Rock, Paper...Scizor, Blue captures a wild Alakazam after it was rampaging near Viridian City. After he had become the Gym Leader of Viridian City he uses it to challenge opponents at his Gym when he's not there.An Alakazam was seen in a Poke Ball at Oak's Laboratory in Cherrygrove in Off Course with Corsola.In The Last Battle XIII an Alakazam was one of the Pokemon sent to help the fight in Ilex Forest.An Alakazam was used by Emerald in his Pyramid and Dome challenge.Mira has an Alakazam which was used against Cheryl and her Blissey in VS Lopunny.The Alakazam from Team A.C.T. appears in the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Ginji's Rescue Team manga. He, along with his teammates, is a role model of Mudkip and tries to rescue him when he mistakenly believes that Ginji is a threat to Mudkip's safety.Giovanni sent out Alakazam in an attempt to battle Squirtle in Squirtle, the Crybaby Pokemon.Red is shown to have caught an Alakazam in Clefairy Has Been Abandoned?!.Satoshi has an Alakazam in the Pokemon Zensho manga.Black borrowed an Alakazam in a tournament in Let's Use Fighting Type Pokemon!!.Anabel has an Alakazam which was one of the Pokemon that battled Enta in Final Battle: Versus The Salon Maiden.Alakazam is based on a magician and also a spoon bender. It also shares similarities to goats and foxes, both animals with ties to magic.Mega Alakazam is based on a sorcerer or wizard, or possibly sadhus with psychic powers.Alakazam is an incantation used in stage magic, similar to Abracadabra.Foodin can be spelled Houdin and is probably a reference to Jean Eugne Robert-Houdin or Harry Houdini, who were both famous magicians, as the Japanese names of the Abra line are based on famous mystics.
10 Alomomola (Japanese:  Mamanbou) is a Water-type Pokemon.It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon.Alomomola is a pink fish-like Pokemon with darker pink markings on its heart-shaped body and fins. It has large dorsal and ventral fins resembling hands, each divided into four sections and tipped with a paler pink. The shape of the Pokemon resembles an ocean sunfish, as it lacks a proper tail fin. Its eyes are round with golden irises and a mark that appears to be an eyelash extending up and back toward the rest of the body. It lives in the open seas. If it finds an injured Pokemon floating at sea, Alomomola will heal the Pokemon's wounds and carry it back to shore. It heals Pokemon using its special membrane enveloping its entire body.An Alomomola made an appearance in In The Shadow of Zekrom!, as a wild Pokemon. It was the first Pokemon in the Unova region that Ash saw.Two Alomomola appeared in The Name's N!. N asked for them to use Refresh on Pikachu, who was suffering from Paralysis.An Alomomola made a cameo in A Fishing Connoisseur in a Fishy Competition!. A competitor in Team Rocket's fake fishing contest was seen fishing it up.Multiple Alomomola appeared in WhiteVictini and Zekrom and BlackVictini and Reshiram.A photograph of an Alomomola appeared in The Four Seasons of Sawsbuck!.Multiple Alomomola appeared in Stopping the Rage of Legends! Part 1 and Stopping the Rage of Legends! Part 2.An Alomomola appeared in All for the Love of Meloetta!.Multiple Alomomola appeared in Going for the Gold!.Multiple Alomomola appeared in An Undersea Place to Call Home!.An Alomomola appeared in a flashback fantasy in Day Three Blockbusters!.White caught an Alomomola during her Battle Subway training, which she later names her Nancy.Alomomola appears to be a combination of an ocean sunfish and a heart representing health. Due to its hand-like fins and heart shaped body, it may have been inspired by the Claddagh ring. Its ability to heal other Pokemon may be inspired by the doctor fish. The fact that it wraps itself in a special membrane might be a reference to a parrotfish, or the nourishing secretions of the discus fish.Alomomola is a combination of Mola mola (scientific name for the ocean sunfish) and mom (referring to its status as the Caring Pokemon). It may also refer to aloha, Hawaiian for love affection, referenced by Alomomola's heart-like shape and the ocean sunfish's preference to tropical areas, such as Hawaii. Alomomola is a palindrome.Mamanbou may be a combination of mama and  manb (ocean sunfish).
11 Altaria (Japanese:  Tyltalis) is a dual-type Dragon Flying Pokemon.It evolves from Swablu starting at level 35. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Altaria using the Altarianite.Altaria is a blue, phoenix-like Pokemon. Its body and cloud-like wings are covered in fluffy, white feathers. It often folds its wings behind it, obscuring its back. Two long, blue plumes extend like streamers from the back of its head. It has a short, hooked beak and prominent cheek patches, both of which are white. Additionally, it has beady, black eyes. It has a long neck and short legs protruding from its fluffy body. The feet are blue with four toes, three claws forward and one backward. The tail is made up of five feathers, the outer two being longer than the inner ones.Mega Altaria has more extensive cloud-like plumage, with a large, fluffy mass extending from its back. The feathers have grown as a self-protective measure, and they glimmer with an iridescent sheen. Its cottony wings are more distinct than in its base form, and its blue belly is now exposed. Additional fluff surrounds its neck like a collar, and its head is adorned with a hat-like crest. A single, small feather curls out from its forehead, though its facial features are unchanged. Its tail feathers have grown into a long, wavy streamer, with three longer central plumes. Mega Altaria's singing voice is even more beautiful than that of its regular form. It is known for its sociable personality and is not timid.[1]This Pokemon uses its wings to catch updrafts and soar across the sky. It gracefully glides through the clouds, often while singing or humming in a soprano voice. Its voice seems to have special properties which induce a dreamy state for listeners. Altaria can be very affectionate, enveloping people it has bonded with in its cotton-like wings. Altaria is often found living in forests, though it also inhabits mountain ranges.Altaria's first major role was in Sky High Gym Battle!. Ash's Grovyle battled against one in Ash's Gym battle against Winona, the Gym Leader of Fortree Gym.An Altaria belonging to Drake of the Hoenn Elite Four appeared in Vanity Affair where it battled against Ash's Grovyle.Another flock of Altaria and Swablu was seen in Pokemon Ranger - Deoxys Crisis!. The Altaria's sense of direction had gone haywire, so Solana captured one of them to put them back in order.Grandma Wilma was training an Altaria that appeared in A Meteoric Rise to Excellence!.Another Altaria appeared in Last Call, First Round!, under the ownership of Nando.Two Altaria appeared in the flashback in Drayden Versus Iris: Past, Present, and Future!: one as a Pokemon students from the Opelucid Academy could borrow to learn how to battle, and the other as one of the Pokemon Iris befriended.Altaria first appeared in Jirachi: Wish Maker. It was one of the Pokemon that lived in Forina, Jirachi's home.There were some Altaria in the flock that an injured Swablu belonged to, in True Blue Swablu.Altaria appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.Altaria had a cameo appearance in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew. It could be seen in a flock with some Swablu, living in the Tree of Beginning.A group of Altaria, Sentret, Furret, Shroomish, and Swablu helped Pokemon Ranger Jack Walker when he was a young boy in a blizzard as seen in a flashback in Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of Sea.An Altaria appeared in Not on MY Watch Ya Don't! under the ownership of a Trainer.Multiple Altaria made a brief cameo in Giratina and the Sky Warrior.Multiple Altaria appeared in Butterfree and Me!.Winona of the Fortree Gym has an Altaria as her main Pokemon, much as in the games. It was briefly seen carrying Winona and Flannery to the Weather Institute after Norman's battle with Ruby, but wasn't seen fighting until I Dare Ya, Altaria... Knock Chic off My Shoulder, where it fought Sapphire's Chic and managed to win even after the latter evolved into a Blaziken.An Altaria appeared in Pokemon - The Legend of the Dragon King.Altaria is likely based on Peng, Chinese legendary birds of enormous size, said to travel 3000 li in one flap of their mighty, cloud-like wings. They're often portrayed as having a dragon's head and whiskers.The shape of the fluff on Mega Altaria's head may draw inspiration from Dutch caps.Altaria is a combination of alto (Italian for high) or altus (Latin for high) and aria (Italian for air). Aria in music can refer to expressive melody, relating to Altaria's singing abilities. It may also refer to the star Altair, the brightest star in the constellation Aquila, the Eagle.Tyltalis may refer to Tylalso known as Epsilon Draconisa star in the constellation Draco, the Dragon. It may also be a reference to the play L'Oiseau Bleu (The Blue Bird) by Belgian playwright Maurice Maeterlinck. The story is about two siblings, Mytyl and Tyltyl ( Michiru and  Chiruchiru in the Japanese translation of the play), who are tasked with finding the "blue bird of happiness."
12 Amaura (Japanese:  Amarus) is a dual-type Rock Ice Fossil Pokemon.It is resurrected from a Sail Fossil and evolves into Aurorus when leveled up at night starting at level 39.Amaura is a calm creature that lived long ago in a cold land without violent predators. It is a quadruped, dinosaurian Pokemon similar to sauropods. It has a long neck and a short, stubby tail. Above its large, deep blue eyes are two sail structures, which are yellow at the bottom fading into pink towards the tips. These sails have an iridescent appearance. Additionally, the sails change colors to reflect Amaura's mood (green when happy, blue when sad, and red when angry), as seen in Pokemon-Amie. It has a light blue body with a white belly. A single dark blue crystal adorns each side of its body. These crystals permanently remain at freezing cold temperatures, as demonstrated in Pokemon-Amie, where if the crystal is touched, your hand will become encased in ice. While its foreleg lack claws or digits, the hind legs each have a single white nail. As shown in the anime, Amaura have the ability to create aurora.Amaura made its debut in Coming Back into the Cold! alongside its evolution. Both Pokemon were brought back to life after being found frozen in ice. The same Amaura appeared in a newspaper in To Find a Fairy Flower!.An Amaura will appear in PK26.An Amaura appeared in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction.All Normal-type moves that do damage, that do not normally have STAB, will have STAB if Amaura has the Ability Refrigerate.Amaura is based on a young Amargasaurus, which were speculated to have skin sail extensions on their vertebral spines. It also shares traits with various species of Diplodocoidea. The color-changing sails upon its head are also based on auroras, most like aurora borealis due to its partial Ice typing.Amaura may be a contraction of Amargasaurus combined with aurora.Amarus may be a contraction of Amargasaurus.
13 Ambipom (Japanese:  Eteboth) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves from Aipom when leveled up while knowing Double Hit.Ambipom is a purple, simian Pokemon with two tails, each with a large, rounded hand with three red-tipped fingers. The tails also have a cuff of a rounded frill on the wrists. The bases of Ambipom's tails also have a similar frill. It has round ears with red insides. Ambipom has an arrangement of a split hair sticking out from the top of its head. These strands of hair are longer on a female. It has a purple, triangular nose and wide eyes.Ambipom can leap from tree to tree with brilliant speed. To eat, it deftly shucks nuts with its two tails. As it has two hands on its tails, it rarely uses its arms. Ambipom works in large colonies in heavily wooded areas and makes rings by linking tails with another Ambipom, apparently in friendship. It lives along with its young, Aipom.Dawn's Aipom, formerly Ash's, evolved into an Ambipom in Journey to the Unown!. Upon evolving, she matured greatly and became one of Dawn's most talented Pokemon, being used in many of her Contests. She was later given to O in To Thine Own Pokemon Be True! to train to become a ping pong champion at his training center in Vermilion City. To date, no other Ambipom has appeared in the anime.Gold's Aipom, Aibo, evolved into an Ambipom prior to his battle with the legendary Arceus. However, as the story moves back to a few weeks before the fight, it wasn't until several rounds later that its evolution was finally shown on-screen. This event, however, distressed Togebo, being the only Pokemon on his team that was in its basic stage.Ambipom appears to have been based on a monkey, with an exaggerated concept of a prehensile tail. It may be specifically based on the squirrel monkey, which is similar in appearance, and also shares its large smile with cymbal monkeys. It is also similar to an ahuizotl, a creature of Aztec mythology with monkey hands and a fifth human hand on its tail.Ambipom is a combination of the prefix ambi- (from the Latin for both) and a corruption of palm.Eteboth may be a combination of  etek (monkey),  ete, meaning strong point, and both, possibly referring to the ambidextrous nature of the hands on its tail.
14 Amoonguss (Japanese:  Morobareru) is a dual-type Grass Poison Pokemon.It evolves from Foongus starting at level 39.Amoonguss is a mushroom-like Pokemon with a large, light-colored Poke Ball designed cap with warts. It also has a huge gray, stem-like body, fierce looking eyes and a large pink mouth. Amoonguss wields two Poke Ball-like shields. It uses the Poke Ball-like patterns on its arms to lure in prey, though it doesn't work too well in most cases. Amoonguss is a carnivore which can be found mainly in long grass, as only their mushroom cap head protrudes from it, generally close to water.James's Amoonguss first appeared in New Places... Familiar Faces!.Several Amoonguss appeared in The Four Seasons of Sawsbuck!.A group of Amoonguss made an appearance in Unrest at the Nursery!.A group of Amoonguss appeared in Team Plasma's Pokemon Power Plot!.An Amoonguss appeared in Foggy Pokemon Orienteering! when it was disturbed by Bonnie and Pikachu, in which it gotten mad and uses Spore on them.In Lost at the League!, Cameron's Ferrothorn defeated an Amoonguss in the Vertress Conference.A Trainer's Amoonguss appeared in Cilan and the Case of the Purrloin Witness!.An Amoonguss appeared in a fantasy flashback in The Journalist from Another Region!.Bronius owns an Amoonguss where he used it to put Bianca to sleep with Spore. It had a battle with Black's Pignite, Nite, and lost due to the double type-disadvantage.It appears to be based on Amanita muscaria or mushrooms of the Agaricus genus, due to it being Poison-type. Its cap and the shield-like arms were designed to look like the front of a Poke Ball.Amoonguss may be a combination of amanita (a genus of mushroom) and fungus or humongous (huge). Together with its pre-evolution, their names are a corruption of the phrase, "Fungus among us."Morobareru is a combination of  moro ni (completely) and  bareru (slang for "[for a secret] to be exposed"), referring to how it no longer convincingly looks like a Poke Ball.
15 Ampharos (Japanese:  Denryu) is an Electric-type Pokemon.It evolves from Flaaffy starting at level 30. It is the final form of Mareep. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Ampharos using the Ampharosite.Ampharos is a yellow, bipedal Pokemon with a white belly. It has conical ears with black stripes and a red orb on its forehead. Its long neck has several black rings around it near the base. Its stubby arms resemble flippers and each foot has a single white nail. It has a long, black-striped tail with a red orb at the tip. The orb on its tail can shine so bright, that it can be seen from space. People have used the light as a beacon, or to send signals across the ocean. Ampharos is generally found in grasslands.As Mega Ampharos, its toes turn black and it grows white wool at the back of its head and over its tail. Its long wooly tail has many small, red orbs attached to it. Its conical ears retain their stripes, but are now segmented with swirled tips. When it increases the amount of electrical energy within itself, the red orbs on its body and wool emit a strong light.[1]Jasmine has an Ampharos that lights up the Glitter Lighthouse in Olivine City which first appeared in Fight for the Light!. It was sick so Ash and his friends went to Cianwood City to pick up medicine. This Ampharos was nicknamed "Sparkle" in the dub.Another Ampharos appeared in Manectric Charge under the ownership of Watt. It was used to battle May's Skitty.Shigeo has an Ampharos which battled against his son Corey's Charizard, Don, as part of Don's training in Those Darn Electabuzz!.An Ampharos was owned by McCauley in A Chip Off the Old Brock.Karsten owned an Ampharos in Drifloon On the Wind!.Another Ampharos appeared in Frozen on Their Tracks!. It helps in driving a train using its electricity.An Ampharos appeared in The Light of Floccesy Ranch! under the ownership of Ellie.An Ampharos appeared in Clemont's Got a Secret! under the ownership of Meyer.An Ampharos appeared in As Clear as Crystal.An Ampharos appeared in the opening of Lucario and the Mystery of Mew.An Ampharos appeared in One Team, Two Team, Red Team, Blue Team!.Multiple Ampharos appeared in Lost at the League!.An Ampharos also appeared in Genesect and the Legend Awakened at Pokemon Hills.An Ampharos appeared in The Journalist from Another Region!.An Ampharos appeared in SS027.An Ampharos appeared in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin! and Lumiose City Pursuit!.An Ampharos appeared in A Jolting Switcheroo!.An Ampharos that can Mega Evolve into Mega Ampharos appeared in Mega Evolution Special I.An Ampharos that can Mega Evolve into Mega Ampharos appeared in a fantasy in Calling from Beyond the Aura!.Multiple Ampharos appeared in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction.In Pokemon Adventures, Amphy appears under the ownership of Jasmine in Ampharos Amore. Gold and Silver rescued the Gym Leader and her charge in the Tin Tower.An Ampharos helped Emerald in his disabilities when he was younger.An Ampharos nicknamed Amphy appears in A Spectacular Battle To Save Ampharos under the ownership of Jasmine. It was not feeling well and Jasmine had Gold go to Cianwood City to get the SecretPotion necessary to heal Amphy.Amphy appears in Light Up The Lighthouse!! under Jasmine's ownership. It became sick and Jasmine had Red get the SecretPotion in order to heal Amphy.Ampharos resembles a sheared sheep that its evolution line leads up to as they lose wool with each evolution. It also shares traits with a lighthouse, such as its height, stripes and the beacon on the top; the two also share a name. It, as well as its pre-evolutions, may have been based on the title of the science fiction novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?. Mega Ampharos's Dragon-type, mane, and slender body suggest that it is based on a Chinese dragon.Ampharos is a combination of ampere or amp (a measure of electrical current) and pharos (Greek for lighthouse).Denryu can be taken to mean  denry (electric current) or  den ry (electric dragon), and it may incorporate  denky (light bulb), referring to its tail.
16 Anorith (Japanese:  Anopth) is a dual-type Rock Bug Fossil Pokemon.It is resurrected from a Claw Fossil and evolves into Armaldo starting at level 40.Anorith is a greenish-gray, arthropod Pokemon, resembling an anomalocaris. A stalk extends from either side of its head, with large, spherical eyes at the tips. The middle of its head is black with two red, teardrop-shaped markings, and an x-shaped mouth is visible on the underside of its torso. Beneath its head are two large, segmented claws that serve as weapons and are used to capture prey. On each side of its body are four white appendages with red tips. These wing-like projections are used to propel Anorith through the water. Now extinct in the wild, it lived in the seas of ancient times. It is still extant under the ownership of Trainers through revival from Claw Fossils.Its first appearance was on a small island to the east of Hoenn's mainland in Where's Armaldo? where it was being studied with the other Fossil Pokemon from Hoenn.An Anorith appeared in the opening of Lucario and the Mystery of Mew.More Anorith were resurrected and studied by the scientists in Oreburgh City in Wild in the Streets.Ruby calmed an Anorith and Lileep in a museum by intimidating them when he saw that no one was looking in the chaos. However, Wallace of the Sootopolis Gym was, and his eye for talent led him to acknowledge the boy's right to be his disciple.Anorith appears to be closely based on an Anomalocaris with some characteristics of a trilobite. It greatly resembles brine shrimp as well, having similar eyes and feather-like protrusions on its sides.Anorith may be a combination of Anomalocaris, anorthosite, and lith (rock or stone).Anopth may be a combination of Anomalocaris and arthropod.
17 Arbok (Japanese:  Arbok) is a Poison-type Pokemon.It evolves from Ekans starting at level 22.Arbok is a serpentine Pokemon with purple scales over most of its body. It has a large hood just below its head. On its hood, it has a design much like an angry face, which can come in six variations. The pattern typically has red and yellow eyespot outlined it black, a wide black streak resembling a mouth, and a V-shaped stripe about the face pattern.Arbok is capable of crushing opponents by coiling its body around them and constricting them. It can even flatten steel oil drums. If it encounters an enemy, it raises its head, intimidating the opponent with the frightening pattern on its body and making eerie sounds by expelling air from its mouth. It has been stated that if any part of Arbok's body except for the head is cut off, it can regrow the rest of its body again in a matter of a few weeks. It also has the ability to detect vibrations as shown in the anime. Arbok has been known to be capable of spending long periods underwater and surviving in aquatic environments. One particular Arbok could change its pattern at any time to increase power to different stats and get invulnerability to status conditions, if the pattern is uncovered.Arbok is territorial. It lashes out at intruders with long fangs tipped with deadly venom. With a vengeful nature, it will not give up a chase once it targets its prey or an opponent, no matter how far. It makes its home in grassy savannas and plains. In the wild, it hunts smaller Pokemon, using the pattern on its hood to immobilize prey and using its toxic bite to finish them off.Jessie had an Arbok that she obtained as an Ekans. It first appeared in Pokemon Emergency!. It was extremely loyal to her and was her primary battling Pokemon until A Poached Ego, when she set it free along with James's Weezing to protect a wild group of Ekans and Koffing.In The Ultimate Test, Ash used an Arbok in the Pokemon League Entrance Exam, against the instructor's Jolteon.Multiple Arbok also appeared in The Power of One.In Ring Masters, Arbok was one of the Pokemon used in the Sumo Conference.An Arbok was used by one of the students of the Pokemon Trainer's School in Gonna Rule The School! and by a Coordinator in What I Did For Love!.An Arbok is used by one of the students of Pokemon Summer Academy in the first leg of the Pokemon Triathlon in One Team, Two Team, Red Team, Blue Team!.An Arbok made an appearance in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.Red caught an Arbok in File 4: Charizard.Jessie's Arbok appears in the manga The Electric Tale of Pikachu. Like in the anime, it is her primary Pokemon that she uses in battle.Arbok is one of the supporting characters in the Magical Pokemon Journey manga series. Originally an enemy of the main cast, he along with the Ekans Brothers befriend Hazel and her Pokemon.In the chapter Even an Arbok Falls in Love!, he gets a crush on Wigglytuff and goes to Jynx as well as Hazel and friends for advice. At the end of the chapter, he confesses his love to Wigglytuff and gives her one of his molted skins.Manga author Yumi Tsukirino states in volume one of the manga that Arbok is one of her favorite Pokemon to draw.Arbok first appeared in That Awful Arbok! under the ownership of Koga.Koga and Agatha both have Arbok as important parts of their teams in Pokemon Adventures where Agatha's first appeared in Muk Raking. In Pokemon Adventures, the pattern on an Arbok's belly may give an Arbok special abilities. With the help of Agatha's smoke, Agatha's Arbok had the ability to switch between a several different patterns: a standard pattern, a speed-boosting pattern, an attack-boosting pattern, and an invulnerability pattern that repels poisons. Koga's Arbok instead has only one pattern, which is a regenerative pattern that allows it to regenerate any part of its body as long as the head remains intact.Crystal captured an Arbok on her way to Professor Elm's Lab in Three Cheers for Chikorita.In The Last Battle XIII an Arbok was one of the Pokemon sent to help the fight in Ilex Forest.An Arbok belonging to Giovanni made a cameo in Good-Bye, Pikachu?!.Its design is likely based on an Indian cobra. Arbok and Ekans may also be inspired by the legendary basilisk since they were originally the only Pokemon to learn Glare. The basilisk was said to be a poisonous, serpentine dragon that would kill people with its stare, which may explain Arbok's place in the Dragon Egg Group.Arbok is cobra spelled backwards, with k instead of c. Additionally, the name Arbok relates to its pre-evolution's Japanese name, Arbo.
18 Arcanine (Japanese:  Windie) is a Fire-type Pokemon.It evolves from Growlithe when exposed to a Fire Stone.Arcanine is a quadruped, canine Pokemon with an orange pelt marked by jagged black stripes. It has diamond-shaped ears with beige insides, black eyes, a round, black nose, and two pointed teeth protruding from its upper jaw. Its head, muzzle, and chest are covered in shaggy, beige fur, except for two oval sections around each eye and ear. Long tufts of fur grow behind its knees and around its ankles. Its underside is black, and it has a billowing, beige tail that is bent in the middle. Each paw has three toes and a round, pink pad.Arcanine is a fiercely brave and loyal Pokemon. It is capable of running 6,200 miles in 24 hours with a speed and grace reminiscent of flight. Arcanine has long been admired for its beauty and speed, and anyone who hears its bark will grovel before it. The source of its power is a flame blazing wildly inside its body. In the anime, it was shown that it stashes food in its mane and carries it to its nest for its young. Arcanine lives in active volcanoes and on prairies.Gary Oak has an Arcanine that was first seen in The Battle of the Badge battling Giovanni. He used it later to help him in the Extreme Pokemon Race in Extreme Pokemon! against Ash's Bayleef and various other Pokemon.Arcanine and its pre-evolution, Growlithe, have often been used as police dogs.Ash battled an Arcanine in Fire and Ice. This Arcanine was under the ownership of Pete Pebbleman and was his final Pokemon. Despite the type disadvantage, Pete's Arcanine easily defeated Ash's Kingler by dodging its Bubble attack and using Dragon Rage. Pikachu managed to defeat the Arcanine with a Thunderbolt attack after its Fire Blast melted the Ice Field.In The Stolen Stones, two Trainers named Ramona and Keegan had three Arcanine, one under the ownership of Keegan and two belonging to his sister Ramona. The Fire-type Pokemon were used to deliver some Fire Stones to be used as prizes for a local Fire Pokemon tournament. The two Trainers used their Arcanine to save Ash, Misty, and Brock from falling off a cliff.In On Cloud Arcanine, Drew and May wanted to capture an Arcanine for use in a Pokemon Contest. When it was discovered that the Pokemon had a litter of Growlithe puppies to take care of, the two rivals decided to leave Arcanine alone.In Tactics Theatrics!!, Tucker uses the "Fiery Fleet-Footed" Arcanine along with a Swampert to battle against Ash's Swellow and Corphish.Marley owns an Arcanine, as seen in Keeping In Top Forme!.In Pokemon Emergency!, Arcanine was one of the four legendary Pokemon on the tablet at the Viridian City Pokemon Center. Despite not actually being a Legendary Pokemon, this may reflect its species description as the "Legendary" Pokemon.An Arcanine was seen in a fantasy in The Rivalry Revival.An Arcanine participated in a Pokemon breeding competition in Beauty and the Breeder.An Arcanine appeared in Team Rocket's fantasy in Imitation Confrontation.In Extreme Pokemon!, an Arcanine appeared with its Trainer in a field by Eggseter.An Arcanine along with a Growlithe were acting as security guards for a penthouse in Training Daze.Multiple Arcanine appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.In Arriving in Style!, a Pokemon Stylist's Arcanine participated in the Hearthome Collection.Blaine's Arcanine appeared in File 3: Giovanni.Arcanine appeared in File 4: Charizard where Blue used it to battle Red at the Pokemon League.In Holy Moltres, Blaine's Arcanine fights members of Team Rocket.An Arcanine owned by Evan appeared in Putting It On The Line...Against Arcanine where it helped in training Blaine's Mewtwo by putting the rocks thrown by the trainer's Haunter on fire.In Rock, Paper...Scizor, Blue captures a wild Arcanine that he adds to his Gym team and trains to the point of being able to defeat any challenger without its Trainer present.Crystal has an Arcanine, nicknamed Archy which he first appeared in Slugging It Out With Slugma, which she uses him for transportation at times. He is able to hit targets fast and hard using Extreme Speed. As explained in a flashback in Lively Larvitar, Arcanine was a wild Pokemon from Mt. Mortar whose left eye was injured five years ago. The cause is revealed to be a Larvitar prankster, which Crystal later manages to capture, regaining the confidence that was ruined by her failed capture of Suicune.In The Last Battle XIII an Arcanine was one of the Pokemon sent to help the fight in Ilex Forest.Marley has an Arcanine that was first seen battling against Buck's Claydol in VS Lopunny.Blaine sent out Arcanine during the battle portion of the Pokemon Quiz Battle in Fierce Competition at the Pokemon Quiz Battle!!.Red caught an Arcanine off-screen in The Pokemon Banana League (Part 1).Arcanine is Blaine's battling Pokemon. It went up against Satoshi's Charmeleon and lost.Gary's main Pokemon is an Arcanine, and usually used as a means of transportation. It debuted in Ash vs. Gary.Arcanine is based on the Ryukyuan  shisa, or  komainu, mythical creatures inspired by lions, tigers, and dogs. Statues of them in pairs are used as guardians that invite good spirits and repel evil ones. It could also be based on the Haetae, a mythical fire-eating dog with similarities to lions and tigers.Arcanine is a combination of arcane and canine.Windie may refer to wind or windy, reflecting its defining nature of being fast like the wind, further emphasized by Extreme Speed being its signature move in Generation II.
19 Arceus (Japanese:  Arceus) is a Normal-type Legendary Pokemon.While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon, it will change type when it is holding a Plate.Like Darkrai and Shaymin before it, Arceus was not officially recognized by Nintendo until February 14, 2009, the year of its debut movie. It was officially revealed to international audiences on August 3, 2009.Arceus is known as "The Original One", as it is said that it created Sinnoh and Ransei, and possibly the entire Pokemon universe, along with the lake guardians and creation trio. Arceus can only be found in the wild legitimately with the Azure Flute, which was never distributed at any official event. However, Arceus itself was distributed via multiple Nintendo events in 2009 and 2010 and the Pokemon Global Link in 2012.It is the trio master of both the lake guardians and the creation trio.Arceus is a white equine resembling a qilin or centaur with a gray, vertically-striated underside. The striated pattern has similar recurrences on the underside of its mane, tail, and face. Its four pointed feet are tipped with gold hooves. Its long mane juts away from its head, and its face is gray, with green eyes and red pupils, and a green circular pattern below its eyes. Arceus also has a streak of gold coloration on its head, and ears that point upward. Its neck is fairly long, with two pairs of extrusions to the sides, and a flap-like feature on the neck's underside that is colored white like much of the body. It also has a golden cross-like wheel attached to its body by its round abdomen, which changes color along with its eyes and hooves based on Arceus's current type, which depends on the plate that it wields. The wheel also has four jewels attached to it. The pattern of striated gray of Arceus's underbelly resumes past Arceus's waist. Its limbs have gray undersides and extrusions at the tops of the legs. Arceus's tail is fairly like its mane in shape and coloration. According to legend, it has 1000 arms.Arceus is thought to have created the Sinnoh region and possibly the entire Pokemon world, the lake guardians: Uxie, Azelf, Mesprit, and the creation trio: Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina. Because of this, Arceus is thought to be one of the most long-lived of all Pokemon species. It has the power to recreate the creation trio as well, presumably to guard the dimensions when a Trainer has caught one of them. According to the anime, its power can also bring back things that it once destroyed, make certain things vanish into thin air, or to halt time.Arceus is shown to care for and safeguard the planet in ancient times and protected it from cataclysms such as meteors, and it would show gratitude and compassion in return to those who treated it with equal kindness. Arceus does not suffer fools gladly, and it will attack in a violent rampage if betrayed or deceived. It also holds long grudges if betrayed by those it considered friends. In Arceus and the Jewel of Life, it is said to "feed" off the energy of the elemental plates. It is the only known Pokemon that can learn Judgment.Arceus made its debut in Arceus and the Jewel of Life. It was angry at the people of Michina Town for Damos's unwitting betrayal of it in ancient times, and so attempted to destroy the land. When Ash and his friends are teleported by Dialga to ancient times, they directly influence the event, changing the future for the better so that Arceus will stop its destruction.In Battle Finale of Legend!, although Arceus is neither seen or named, the Red Chain is said to contain the power of 'The Original One'. Using the Red Chain, Cyrus takes control of Dialga and Palkia by causing a red ring similar to the one surrounding Arceus's body to appear around their bodies.Arceus appears as a central character in the Arceus and the Jewel of Life manga adaptation, reprising its role from the film. After Arceus saved the world from a meteor, Damos took care of it. It gave Damos the Jewel of Life to make the land of Michina Town rich and fertile. Damos then "betrayed" Arceus, and it has been outraged ever since.In the HeartGold & SoulSilver chapter, Arceus appears as one of the main antagonists, where it plans on destroying humanity due to its mistrust of humans. It was the target of Team Rocket's plans to create Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina.Arceus appears in the TCG in all types but Dragon and Fairy, and a player can have as many Arceus cards in their deck as they like, unlike all other cards in the game (besides Basic Energy cards). Cards based on Arceus first appeared in the Arceus expansion set.Arceus appears as a Poke Ball summon in the 3DS version of the game. It will use Gravity to produce a shockwave that brings opponents downwards.A Pokemon said to have hatched from an egg that appeared from nothing. Newly hatched, it created the world and the sky. Its Gravity attack will bring any fighter in midair crashing down to earth. No ground below you? Looks like you're going to go plummeting off the stage as if you'd been hit by a Meteor Smash!A statue of Arceus can be found in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky at Destiny Tower.With Fist PlateWith Sky PlateWith Toxic PlateWith Earth PlateWith Stone PlateWith Insect PlateWith Spooky PlateWith Iron PlateWith Flame PlateWith Splash PlateWith Meadow PlateWith Zap PlateWith Mind PlateWith Icicle PlateWith Draco PlateWith Dread PlateFor the type effectiveness when Arceus is holding a Plate, see type chart. In Generation IV, if Arceus was hacked to be ???-type, this Pokemon is damaged normally by moves of all types.Arceus is particularly based on a creator deity, present in many world cultures. Arceus's stance and general form are similar to Egyptian bull and calf idols, particularly Apis. Based on its official artwork and attack movements in the 3D games, Arceus may be modeled after a horse. The arc on its back may be inspired by the circle arc used to represent reincarnation in Hinduism.The conception of the first god might be influenced by the Shinto gods Kunitokotachi and Amenominakanushi, who summoned Izanami and Izanagi to create Japan with the spear. It may also be a reference to the qilin, a Chinese mythical creature. Its myth is nearly identical to that of the Pangu, the Chinese creation deity. Arceus may also represent or be inspired by the bodhisattva Avalokitevara, who, in Buddhism, is either pictured with eleven heads and one thousand arms (the latter of which is mentioned in Arceus's Pokedex entry) or in a white, four-armed manifestation (which could look similar to Normal-type Arceus).Arceus may be a combination of arch (referring to the highest point), archon (a Greek word that means "ruler" or "lord"), arcanus (Latin for secret sacred mystery), archaic (ancient),  arkh (Greek for beginning), or archetypus (Latin for original), and deus (Latin for god). It may also derive from aureus (golden, in reference to its hooves and wheel), arc (round or ring), or Archeus (an aspect of the astral plane).
20 Archen (Japanese:  Archen) is a dual-type Rock Flying Fossil Pokemon.It is resurrected from a Plume Fossil and evolves into Archeops starting at level 37.Archen is a small, bipedal creature with mixed reptilian and avian traits. Its large, red head is covered in discernible scales, and its neck has blue and red feathers. Its body is covered in untidy, sallow feathers, and it has blue, clawed wings that cannot be used for flight. It has short, thin legs, and a twig-like tail that bears a diamond-shaped blue feather. It has wide white eyes with black pupils and no irises.Archen is extinct, but can be revived from fossils. It is believed to be the ancestor of all bird Pokemon. It hunts prey as they move about the forest. In the anime, it was shown Archen does not like Pokemon food, but can grow a special plant with its cries. It enjoys the Berries grown on this plant.Archen debuted in Archeops In The Modern World!, when a female Archen was revived by Fennel and Professor Juniper. She later evolved into an Archeops in the same episode.Multiple Archen appeared in a flashback in A Restoration Confrontation! Part 1 and A Restoration Confrontation! Part 2.An Archen is seen amongst N's Pokemon friends as he awakened Zekrom. It evolved before N challenged Alder.Archen appears to draw inspiration from Archaeopteryx, believed by scientists to be the earliest of all birds, also referenced by its species as the "First Bird" Pokemon.Archen is derived from Archaeopteryx or the geological eon Archean.
21 Archeops (Japanese:  Archeos) is a dual-type Rock Flying Fossil Pokemon.It evolves from Archen starting at level 37, after it is revived from a Plume Fossil.Archeops is a large, flying creature that bears similarities to both birds and reptiles. Its featherless, scaly head is red with a green stripe running along the top. Its mouth is filled with sharp teeth. Its eyes are white with black pupils and no irises. Its body is covered with frayed-looking, yellowish feathers with blue feathers designed for flight on its arms and legs enabling all four of its limbs to act as wings. All of these "wings" bear sharp claws. It has a ring of smaller green feathers on the ankles. Its tail is completely red and featherless except for a fan of blue feathers at the end, and as with the Archaeopterygiformes, it has fully-movable vertebrae in its tail instead of a pygostyle.It is capable of flying, but is more adept at running. It can outrun even an automobile. It has the intelligence to work with its partners in order to catch prey. Archeops is extinct, but can be revived via fossils. Archeops is omnivorous, along with hunting for prey, it has been seen eating fruit in the anime.Archeops debuted in Archeops In The Modern World!, when it evolved from a revived female Archen.Multiple Archeops appeared in a flashback in A Restoration Confrontation! Part 1 and A Restoration Confrontation! Part 2.N befriended an Archeops when it was an Archen. It took part in N's battle against Alder.Archeops appears to draw inspiration from the Microraptor, a small, carnivorous dinosaur known for having wings on all four limbs, as well as Archaeopteryx, believed by scientists to be the earliest of all birds, also referenced by its species as the "First Bird" Pokemon. It may also be based on the Feathered Serpents of ancient Mesoamerican mythologies.Archeops and Archeos may be a combination of Archaeopteryx and Cheops (an ancient Egyptian pharaoh).
22 Ariados (Japanese:  Ariados) is a dual-type Bug Poison Pokemon.It evolves from Spinarak starting at level 22.Ariados is a spider-like Pokemon in appearance. It has a red body with black stripes and markings that form an "unhappy face" on its abdomen. Ariados has four yellow legs with purple stripes; its fifth and sixth legs seem to have been moved onto its back. Both the horn and mandibles on Ariados are white. Ariados's feet are tipped with tiny hooked claws that enable it to scuttle on ceilings and vertical walls. It spins a single strand of a special string endlessly out of its rear. The string can also be spun from its mouth; however, it is hard to tell which end is which. Rather than making a nest in one specific spot, it wanders in search of food after darkness falls. It will attach silk to its prey and set it free. Later, it tracks the silk to the prey and its friends. Ariados makes its nest in the depths of the forest.Ariados made its debut in Ariados, Amigos under the ownership of Tkichi.Oakley has an Ariados in Pokemon Heroes.An Ariados appeared in All in a Day's Wurmple, under the ownership of Forrester Franklin.Harley's Ariados first appeared in The Saffron Con.An Ariados owned by J appeared in Mutiny in the Bounty! As J proceeds to steal her victims' Pokemon, she has her Ariados tie up her victims with String Shot. J's Ariados also made a short appearance in Pillars of Friendship!, where J told it to use String Shot to tie up Ash and co. and prevent them from stopping the legendary golems and Regigigas as well.In Following a Maiden's Voyage!, some Ariados attacked Dawn and her Piplup. Several Ariados attacked Dawn and her Piplup again in Stopped in the Name of Love!. Even more Ariados attacked Dawn and Piplup in Historical Mystery Tour!. A Shiny Ariados and many other Ariados attacks Dawn and Shinko in SS024.Multiple Ariados appeared in Diancie, Princess of the Diamond Domain.An Ariados appeared in XY055.Ariados were mentioned by Misty in UnBEARable when Ash, Brock, and Misty were talking about scary Pokemon in the woods.Several Ariados appeared in For Ho-Oh the Bells Toll! where they protected the Tin Tower after Team Rocket stole the crystal bells on the top floor.In Pokemon Ranger and the Kidnapped Riolu! Part One, Kellyn used his Capture Styler on an Ariados and had it use String Shot on some Crobat that belonged to Hunter J's Henchmen.In One Team, Two Team, Red Team, Blue Team, Angie used an Ariados in the first leg of the Pokemon Triathlon.Multiple Ariados also appeared in a flashback in XY055 and XY056.Multiple Ariados appeared in PW38.The Masked Man has an Ariados, seen during his first appearance in Ilex Forest in You Ain't Nothin' but a Houndour. He uses an Ariados to combat Celebi due to the type advantages it has over it.Janine owns an Ariados, which she uses in both battle and her job as a ninja. She uses its string to help her scale buildings.Janine was shown with an Ariados in JBA5.Ariados appeared in Pokemon to the Rescue! of Ginji's Rescue Team.Ariados's appearance is based on the Myrmarachne formicaria spider, but with the prosoma (thorax and head area) and opisthosoma (abdominal area) reversed, fitting with its Pokedex entry.Ariados is named after the Greek myth of Theseus and Ariadne, wherein Ariadne gave Theseus a ball of twine before he entered the Labyrinth to slay the Minotaur, so that he may trail the strand behind him and find his route back to her. Ariados may also be a combination of arachnid (Latin for spider) and  odosu (to threaten) or dos (Spanish for two, used possibly because it has two stingers, or because it is the second form in its evolutionary line).
23 Armaldo (Japanese:  Armaldo) is a dual-type Rock Bug Fossil Pokemon.It evolves from Anorith starting at level 40, after it is revived from a Claw Fossil.Armaldo is a bipedal, amphibious Pokemon, somewhat resembling a mantis shrimp. It is covered with thick, grayish-blue plates. There accents of yellow, black, white, and red throughout its body. Its oblong eyes protrude from the sides of its head. A black pattern with two red, teardrop-shaped spots covered the center of its head and a yellow lower jaw. Three pairs of wing-like appendages extend from the sides of its long, thick neck. A plate of armor on its back has four short spikes and two triangular, yellow-rimmed wings extending from underneath. Its scaled chest and belly are rimmed with yellow lines as well, and there are two large yellow plates in the center of its chest. Its segmented arms extend from holes in these plates, each with a large, black claw. The legs are also segmented, with black knees. A pair of black fins tips its long tail.In ancient times, Armaldo lived on land by the water's-edge, and dived into the ocean to hunt for prey. The large wings on its back were used for swimming, while its thick shell protected it from enemy attacks. Its strong claws can break stones and punch through a steel slab. Furthermore, they can be freely extended or retracted.Armaldo premiered in a movie that was shown in Lights, Camerupt, Action!. Its role in the movie was defending a castle where a Kirlia princess was held captive.Armaldo had a major appearance in Where's Armaldo?Along with several other prehistoric Pokemon, Armaldo made an appearance in Wild in the Streets!Another Armaldo appeared in Dealing With Defensive Types!Another Armaldo appeared in League Unleashed!, under the ownership of Nando. It faced Ash's Quilava in a battle, drawing with it.Armaldo first appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.An Armaldo appeared in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew living in the Tree of Beginning. Also, one appeared in the opening of the movie.An Armaldo is seen under Blaise's ownership, which he apparently uses to Surf around (and dive to save Tabitha), despite Armaldo not being capable of using the moves.One Armaldo figure has been released.It appears to be based upon the Anomalocaris, although it shares some physical traits with dinosaurs.Armaldo may be a corruption of armor, a combination of armor and armadillo, or a combination of "armor" and "ald", an old Saxon word meaning "old".
24 Aromatisse (Japanese:  Frefuwan) is a Fairy-type Pokemon.It evolves from Spritzee when traded holding a Sachet.Aromatisse is a small, bipedal, bird-like Pokemon. Its body is purple and is surrounded by a pink fur or feather-like coat, with a black bow on its lower back. Its face resembles a mask used by plague doctors, or a masquerade mask. It has a pair of purple, ox horn-shaped ears with a yellow center. It has eyes with red sclera, black irises, red pupils, and full, black eye lashes. It also has three sharp claws on each small hand.Aromatisse can give off a variety of different smells, from a pleasant fragrance to an odor so repugnant to its opponent that it can turn a battle in its favor. Aromatisse is the only known Pokemon capable of learning Aromatic Mist.An Aromatisse appeared in Summer of Discovery! on a video icon.Aromatisse appears to share some traits with a flamenco dancer and a can-can dancer; it seems to draw particular inspiration from the idea of French dancers scandalously revealing their legs. Given the white round area on its face and the adornments on its head it may also draw inspiration from traditional carnival masks and costumes used in central and southern parts of Europe, and masks worn at masquerade balls. Based on its looks, abilities, species name, and general association with scents, Aromatisse was most likely also based on perfume bottles, and shares the "hourglass" figure many fancy perfume bottles also have. Its "beak" also more than likely represents a perfume nozzle, considering the "scent line" extensions on its head as well as its placement on the top of the body. Its fluffy lower body may also be based on powder puffs or other cosmetics applicators. Its perfumes and avian qualities and origins may also mean that Aromatisse and Spritzee are based on plague doctors, who used various perfumes held in bird-like masks to drown out the scent of the plague and deceased.Aromatisse may be derived from aroma, aromatic, or aromatize.Frefuwan may be a combination of fragrance or fresh and  fuwafuwa (light, airy, fluffy).
25 Aron (Japanese:  Cokodora) is a dual-type Steel Rock Pokemon.It evolves into Lairon starting at level 32, which evolves into Aggron starting at level 42.Aron is a quadruped Pokemon with four stubby legs and a large round head. Its body is black with plates of gray armor covering its head, back, and legs. Throughout its body are small openings in the armor. There are six openings on its head, with the largest two being openings for its pale blue eyes, and one opening on either side of the spike on its back. A single, blunt spike protrudes from its back.Aron feeds on iron ore that it digs from mountains. It uses this ore to make its body. Sometimes hunger will drive it to descend from the mountains to eat bridges and rails, which makes it a pest. It makes a new suit of armor after evolving, while its old discarded armor is salvaged for making iron products. With one all-out charge, it can demolish even a heavy dump truck. It lives on mountains.Aron first appeared in A Hole Lotta Trouble. Ash, May, Max, Brock and Team Rocket got themselves lost in a cave full of the Iron Armor Pokemon. Steven, who also owns one, helped them pass through the cave.Aron, together with its evolutionary family Aggron and Lairon, appeared in Giratina and the Sky Warrior where they helped Ash's friends stop the glacier. The group appeared again in the credits, where they were seen eating the ruins of the Megarig.An Aron appeared in Steeling Peace of Mind! and several Aron appeared in Saving the World From Ruins!A group of Aron also appeared in Genesect and the Legend Awakened at Pokemon Hills.An Aron appeared in SS027.A Trainer's Aron appeared in a picture in Origins of Mega Evolution!.An Aron made a brief appearance in Mega Evolution Special II.Sapphire owns an Aron nicknamed Rono, who evolved before facing Brawly at the Dewford Gym, and after a long stay in her team during which it fought Team Aqua a few times, evolved on Mirage Island as she trained with Ruby there. It was her first Pokemon.Aron may be based on the Pulgasari, a monster that eats iron in Korean legend.Aron may be a combination of armor and iron. It may also involve armadillo.Cokodora is a combination of  ko (child) and Kodora (Lairon's Japanese name). Kodora may be a combination of  ko (large) and dragon.
26 Articuno (Japanese:  Freezer) is a dual-type Ice Flying Legendary Pokemon.It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon.Along with Zapdos and Moltres, it is one of the three Legendary birds of Kanto.Articuno is a large avian Pokemon with predominantly blue plumage and large wings said to be made of ice. It has a head crest that consists of three, darker blue rhombus-shaped feathers on its forehead and circular red eyes. Its beak is short and gray, and its long, thin legs are gray. It has a long, streamer-like tail that is longer than its body and the same shade of blue as its crest.When Articuno flaps its wings, it can chill the moisture in the air around it, making snow fall. It flies from icy mountain to icy mountain. According to legend, it appears before doomed travelers lost in icy regions. As seen in the anime, Articuno sometimes aids travelers and guides them to safety. Articuno lives in cold, isolated locations, such as mountain peaks.Articuno first appeared in the second movie. Lawrence III attempted to collect Articuno and the two other Legendary birds in his scheme to capture Lugia.Also, the Frontier Brain Noland uses a befriended wild Articuno against certain challengers, as seen in the episode Numero Uno Articuno and The Symbol Life, when he accepted Ash's challenge and battled against him.Articuno made its anime debut in the episode Freeze Frame. It appears to Team Rocket early in the episode, and then to Ash, Todd, Misty, and Brock. Travelers say that the Articuno watch over them on their journeys through the mountains of Johto. Nurse Joy says that Articuno has a nest in all the high mountains and cold places in the world, and flies from nest to nest bringing cold weather with it.The Mirage Master briefly wielded the power of a mirage Articuno in The Mastermind of Mirage Pokemon.A rough image of Articuno was first seen etched in a stone hanging in the Viridian Pokemon Center in Pokemon Emergency. Seeing it, Ash seemed to mistake it for another unknown Pokemon he had seen in the previous episode.An Articuno appeared in An EGG-sighting Adventure! as part of Team Rocket's fantasy.An Articuno made a cameo in the intro of Lucario and the Mystery of Mew, The Rise of Darkrai and Zoroark: Master of Illusions.Red caught an Articuno in Seafoam Islands in File 4: Charizard.Articuno appears in the eighth chapter of the Magical Pokemon Journey manga, The Legendary Articuno!. In The Legendary Articuno!, there is an Articuno atop a mountain used by a ski resort. This Articuno is rumored to spirit away the lives of lost travelers, but in reality, it is a friendly Pokemon that runs a Snowcone shop. Pikachu, Clefairy and Jigglypuff enter a Snowcone-eating contest at Articuno's shop, and Articuno also rescues an injured Hazel.Articuno first appeared in You know... Articuno! where it was being chased by several Team Rocket Grunts. It is shown to seal itself in a block of ice when it senses the presence of an enemy. It strongly dislikes confrontation. However, in Pokemon Adventures volume 3, Team Rocket was able to temporary get hold of it, together with Moltres and Zapdos. It was used by the then-Rocket Executive Koga to try to finish Red and Blue and succeeded in freezing them, but that turned out to be a strategy to let the ninja master's guard down and attack him from behind when Blue's Charizard unfroze them. After his defeat, it is called upon by Sabrina's Kadabra with Zapdos and merged to form Thu-Fi-Zer, a combination that proved almost unstoppable until Saur, the Ivysaur it knocked out of the wall, saved its Trainers with a web created using Vine Whip and evolved to Venusaur to deliver the final blow with Charizard and Blasty. It at last regains its freedom after the defeat and splits from its fellow birds.Much later, in the GSC saga, it reappears under Green's possession with its fellow birds and is lent to Red in the battle against Will and Karen, who nearly overwhelmed the three with Ho-Oh and Lugia. Since it has not been seen since, it has either been kept in the box or released, its true status unknown.Articuno debuted in Will You Risk Your Life To Play The Magic Game?! and was caught by Red in the next chapter.Blaine catches an Articuno with Satoshi's help.Falkner has an Articuno which debuted in The Legendary Pokemon Appears!. It went up against Gold's Pikachu after it came from another time.Articuno was one of the first four Pokemon designs revealed when the Pokemon 151 brand was first announced. In the shirt design, an Articuno is rising out of the right side with the number 144 on its chest.When released from a Poke Ball, Articuno will use a Blizzard attack that freezes any opponent that is caught in it for a few seconds."Clouds gather, the barometer plunges, and fresh snow falls from the frigid air when this legendary Pokemon takes wing. Graceful and elegant, it boasts long tail feathers that flap in the wind and are lovely to behold. As would be expected, its combat moves are based on its cold nature; they include Ice Beam and Blizzard."Articuno reappears as a trophy in the 3DS version of the game.NA: The air around Articuno is always cool, and it can make snow fall on even the hottest of days. It must be the perfect Pokemon to have around in summer! Then again, do you really want to be the one to use a Legendary bird Pokemon as an ice machine? Let's just think this through for a minute.PAL: The air around Articuno is always cool, and it can make snow fall on even the hottest of days. It must be the perfect Pokemon to have around in summer! Then again, do you really want to be the one to use a Legendary Bird Pokemon as an ice machine? You'd just get the cold shoulder from the whole Pokemon community.This Pokemon's appearance is based on the Simurgh, deriving from the Persian  rokh, which is that of a giant arctic bird. Also, its long tail and small body may be reference to the rare bird, the quetzal. It is also anatomically very similar to the White-throated Magpie-jay.Articuno is a combination of arctic (far northern regions of the globe) and uno (Spanish for one, indicating that it is the first in the series of Kanto Legendary birds).Freezer is literally freezer (that which freezes).
27 Audino (Japanese:  Tabunne) is a Normal-type Pokemon.While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon, it can Mega Evolve into Mega Audino using the Audinite.Audino is a bipedal, pink-and-cream Pokemon with oval, blue eyes. The top of its head, its back, and arms are pink, while the lower half of its face, body, ears are cream-colored as well as its front and fingers. The patterning of pink and cream on its chest resembles a jacket. There are three digits on its hands and two on its feet. It has a puffy, white tuft for a tail. Audino has floppy ears with thin, curled extensions on the underside. It can use these ears as radars, and it has an incredible hearing ability. The feelers on its ears act like stethoscopes in that it can feel the beat of another Pokemon's heart, to assess the Pokemon's feelings and overall physical condition. The feelers are also able to determine when an Egg is close to hatching.When Audino Mega Evolves into Mega Audino, it becomes both heavier and taller. The patterning on its stomach, now completely cream, is covered by what resembles a flared lab coat. Most of its body becomes white with pink tips in four places, one on each ear and near the edges of its "coat". Its eyes turn pink and its ears stand upright with longer, curlier feelers. Its tail becomes larger and a smaller tuft of fur is centered on its chest. Two additional, curled feelers extend from under this extra tuft of fur. White fur covers its feet with two small tufts on the heels. Mega Audino can release pulses that reduce hostility, and the secondary feelers can put those who come in contact with them into a deep sleep.[1]Audino made its debut appearance in Dreams by the Yard Full!. Cilan said that the Nurse Joy of Unova use Audino instead of Chansey as nurses.In Where Did You Go, Audino?, a group of Audino mysteriously went missing.An Audino appeared in Curtain Up, Unova League!.Multiple Audino appeared in Secrets From Out of the Fog!.An Audino appeared in The Journalist from Another Region!.An Audino appeared in A Blustery Santalune Gym Battle!.An Audino appeared in A Battle by Any Other Name!.An Audino appeared in The Bonds of Evolution!.An Audino that can Mega Evolve into Mega Audino appeared in SS031.An Audino appeared in Welcome To Striaton City!! as a wild Pokemon battling Bianca.Audino is one of the Pokemon Pauline uses to help run and maintain the Burst Heart Survival tournament.Audino appears as a trophy in the 3DS version of the game.This Pokemon has huge ears and large feelers that look like stethoscopes. It's easy to guess what it's best at! It can pick up even the faintest of sounds perfectly with its feelers, including the heartbeats of other creatures. It can even tell how far away eggs are from hatching.Audino seems to be based on a rabbit with features of a nurse or physician, with its ears acting as stethoscopes. The feelers on its ears also resemble a cochlea, the auditory part of the inner ear.Audino may be derived from audio and a pun on the phrase "I dunno." It may also refer to the suffix ino (which denotes youth) or involve din (loud noise, referring to the fact that it has stethoscopes for ears) or lapin (a term for "rabbit").Tabunne may be derived from  tabun ne ("maybe") or  tabun ("many are heard"). It may also derive from  mimitabu (earlobe).
28 Aurorus (Japanese:  Amaruruga) is a dual-type Rock Ice Fossil Pokemon.It evolves from Amaura when leveled up at night starting at level 39, after it is revived from a Sail Fossil.Aurorus is a quadruped, dinosaurian Pokemon similar to sauropods. It is primarily blue with a lighter underside. There are two lines of small ice crystals running the length of its body, one line on each side. These crystals produce freezing air reaching temperature of -240 degrees Fahrenheit. Aurorus uses this ability to create ice walls for protection.A white, V-shaped mark covers the top of its head with another ice crystal in the center, giving it the appearance of wearing a tiara or a headress. Two large, flowing sails extend from the top of its head and run down its long neck. The sails are pale whitish-yellow at the base, and fade into a pale bluish-purple at the edges. There are three clawed toes on its hind legs, but one large nail and a single claw on its forelegs. The tip of its long, tapering tail is teardrop-shaped and curls inward.Aurorus made its debut in Coming Back into the Cold! alongside its pre-evolution, Amaura. Aurorus also appeared in the newspaper in To Find a Fairy Flower!.All Normal-type moves that do damage, that do not normally have STAB, will have STAB if Aurorus has the Ability Refrigerate.Aurorus is based on an Amargasaurus, which were speculated to have possible skin sail extensions on their vertebral spines. It also shares traits with various species of Diplodocoidea. The color-changing sails are also based on auroras, most likely aurora borealis due to its partial Ice typing, and the fact it only evolves at night, when the aurora borealis is most often seen. Similar to Tyrantrum, considering its white, V-shaped mark with an ice crystal covering the top of its head and two flowing extended sails running down its neck, it may have also been based upon a queen, with the mark and the two flowing sails acting as a tiara or a headress worn by queens from medieval times while its body with small ice crystals resembles a dress.Aurorus may be a combination of aurora and Amargasaurus.Amaruruga is from Amargasaurus.
29 Avalugg (Japanese:  Crebase) is an Ice-type Pokemon.It evolves from Bergmite starting at level 37.Avalugg is a massive Pokemon seemingly formed entirely out of reflective ice. Its top half is flat, with three cracks, one before its stubby tail and two in between its four legs. These legs are cylindrical, and also sport purple cracks at its joints and in between its icy toes. Underneath each toe is a spike, similar to cleats. Large icicles hang from its underside, which nearly touch the ground. Avalugg's head is similar to its body, a cracked wedge of ice with a flattened upper surface. Its mouth has a large underbite, which opens up to reveal four small teeth and purple gums. The head has two white diamond-shaped "ears," and from its chin hangs three bulging spikes, resembling a beard.Bergmite are known to huddle on top of Avalugg's back, causing it to resemble an aircraft carrier made out of ice. Its cumbersome frame is as hard as steel, able to crush anything that stands in its way.Avalugg appears to be based on a tabular iceberg or a stalactite. It may be a representation of the submerged part of the iceberg, which is immense in comparison with the tip. Avalugg's Ice typing and being likened to an aircraft carrier may be a reference to Project Habakkuk, a plan conceived by the Allies in World War II to build an aircraft carrier from pykrete, a combination of ice and wood pulp. Its body also somewhat resembles a tortoise, or perhaps a rhinoceros or cerapod.Avalugg may be a combination of avalanche and lug (to carry or drag heavy objects, or a big clumpsy person).Crebase may be a combination of crevasse and base.
30 Axew (Japanese:  Kibago) is a Dragon-type Pokemon.It evolves into Fraxure starting at level 38, which evolves into Haxorus starting at level 48.Axew is a bipedal, grayish-green Pokemon with pale, straight tusks protruding from the sides of its mouth. These tusks can regenerate if broken, and will regrow if they fall out. This repeated regrowth strengthens and sharpens its tusks. The tusks serve numerous purposes, from making territorial gashes in trees to crushing Berries for eating. The back of its head is dark grayish-green with a tall, slightly curved horn. Large, dark grayish-green ovals surround its red eyes, and it has a short, rounded snout with large nostrils. A forest green collar marking encircles its neck. Axew's limbs and tail are short, with its forelimbs having three digits and its feet having two digits. As shown in the anime, Axew is skilled at climbing walls.Iris owns an Axew, which was introduced with her in In The Shadow of Zekrom!. She carries him with her, outside of a Poke Ball, in her hair. Axew's major goal is to evolve into a mighty Haxorus.A female Axew owned by Erina appeared in Lost at the Stamp Rally! and later appeared in a flashback in Battling the Bully!.Multiple Axew appeared in Iris's flashback in The Bloom Is on Axew!.Multiple Axew also appeared in A Maractus Musical!.Multiple Axew appeared in Village of Dragons in A Village Homecoming!.An Axew appeared as a plush toy in A Jolting Switcheroo!.An Axew under the control of a virtual Trainer appeared in A Stormy Time in the Battle Subway, where it managed to easily defeat White's Darling.Another Axew appeared as an illusion from N's Zorua while on the Driftveil Drawbridge.Axew's tusks resemble that of Scutosaurus or a ceratopsian. Its crest may be based on a hadrosaurid (Saurolophus, specifically), or perhaps a Corytophanid such as the brown basilisk.Axew may be a combination of axe and chew or hew (to chop a material with a tool).Kibago may be a combination of  kiba (fang or tusk),  ago (jaw), and dragon.
31 Azelf (Japanese:  Agnome) is a Psychic-type Legendary Pokemon.It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon.Along with Uxie and Mesprit, Azelf is a member of the lake guardians, the Sinnoh region's Psychic-type Legendary Pokemon trio. Azelf is the bringer of willpower.Azelf is a small, gray-blue, fairy-like Pokemon. It has two tails that each have a red jewel on them. These are, presumably, two of the jewels which complement the Red Chain. Azelf has a partially cyan face with another red gem encrusted into its forehead. Azelf has a cone-shaped head with elf ear-like protrusions on each side. Its spirit can leave its body without dying, and can return to the body at will. It can control an individual's will or enter the body of an individual. Legends say that if Azelf is harmed, it can cause humans to lose all will inside of them, making them completely immobile for all eternity. It was shown in The Needs of the Three! and The Battle Finale of Legend! that it can teleport itself, as well as other Pokemon and humans. Azelf can be very cautious around people and Pokemon. However, if threatened, it will reveal its bold side.Azelf appeared in spirit form (much like Mesprit did to Dawn in Following a Maiden's Voyage!) to Ash in Pruning a Passel of Pals!.Azelf first appeared in its physical form in The Needs of the Three!, where it was the first to be captured by J and Team Galactic. It was then controlled by the team to help fulfill its goal. In The Battle Finale of Legend!, after breaking from their control with the help of Ash's Pikachu and Staraptor, it helped in stopping Cyrus's plot to use Dialga and Palkia.Azelf also appeared in PK21 with Uxie and Mesprit, serving Pikachu and his friends some apples.Azelf, along with its trio, made a brief appearance in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky - Beyond Time & Darkness as the protectors of the Time Gear.Azelf appeared briefly to Diamond and Pearl when they were trying to find Platinum at Lake Valor. Later, Pearl is sent to guard Azelf from Team Galactic. He was chosen because, fittingly, he is very hyper when compared to the calm Diamond or the knowledgable Platinum. Even Team Galactic's boss Cyrus made the observation, calling Pearl a being of willpower after he, Diamond and Platinum defeated Cyrus on the Spear Pillar.Along with Uxie and Mesprit, Azelf was captured by Team Galactic to create the Red Chain so that they can control the legendary Dialga. It was eventually freed and helped stop Dialga by breaking the Red Chain.Azelf appeared in BET2.Azelf appeared in PMDP13 along with the other members of the Lake guardians.On the Spear Pillar stage, occasionally the lake guardians make surprising "cameo" appearances during the fight; however, they do nothing.A Willpower Pokemon. Born from the same Egg as Uxie and Mesprit, this Pokemon maintains the balance of things in the world from the bottom of Lake Valor. Some say that anyone who injures it will become unable to perform any kind of action after seven days. It wields many strong attacks, like the devastating Last Resort. It can also protect itself from sleep attacks with Uproar.Azelf appears to be a pixie or a fairy, although its Japanese name suggests that it's a gnome. Azelf and the rest of the trio could possibly have originated from the Imperial Regalia of Japan, which are also called the Three Sacred Treasures. Azelf would be the Kusanagi, which embodies valor.Azelf may be a combination of azure or us and elf. It could also be a corruption of self.Agnome may be a combination of agnosticism (gnosis; Greek for knowledge) and gnome.
32 Azumarill (Japanese:  Marilli) is a dual-type Water Fairy Pokemon, and prior to Generation VI, a pure Water-type Pokemon.It evolves from Marill starting at level 18. It is the final form of Azurill.Azumarill is a blue, bipedal Pokemon that has an ovoid body. The lower half of its body is white with a white, bubble-like pattern above it, which helps to camouflage it in water. It has elongated, rabbit-like ears with red insides and circular blue eyes. When in the water, it rolls up its ears to prevent the insides from becoming wet. Its arms and feet are short with rounded ends and no discernible digits. It has a black zigzagging tail with a blue, bubble-like tip.Azumarill has highly developed hearing that allows it to hear distances, even when it is underwater. By keeping still and listening closely, it can tell what is in even wild, fast-moving rivers. Azumarill can make balloons out of air. It makes these air balloons if it spots a drowning Pokemon. It lives in rivers and lakes, and can live in the water all day long.Azumarill first appeared in Love, Totodile Style. A female one was used in a circus. Ash's Totodile had a crush on her. Of course, the Azumarill already had a boyfriend of sorts: a Golduck.An Azumarill is one of the friends of the Pichu Brothers. It has appeared in Trouble in Big Town, Of Meowth and Pokemon (Part 1), Big Meowth, Little Dreams, Pichu Bros. in Party Panic and made a cameo in Giratina and the Sky Warrior.Jackson used an Azumarill against Ash in the Silver Conference in Tie One On!.Paul used an Azumarill in his battle at the Oreburgh Gym in Shapes of Things to Come. However, it lost and Paul gave it away to a passing Trainer.An Azumarill appeared in PK13, in which it was about to perform a song in the Summer Festival before a wild Skarmory kidnapped it.An Azumarill appeared in The Pirates of Decolore!.An Azumarill was one of the Pokemon living at Temacu's father's lab in The Heartbreak of Brock.An Azumarill competed alongside its Trainer in a balloon race in The Big Balloon Blow-Up.An Azumarill appeared in Dueling Heroes.An Azumarill was seen at a Pokemon Center in The Legend of Thunder!.An Azumarill was used by a competitor in the Tour de Alto Mare, a water chariot race, in Pokemon Heroes.A star Azumarill was brought to sing to all the Pokemon at Pikachu's Summer Festival.An Azumarill appeared in A Ruin with a View.An Azumarill along with an Azurill and a Marill made a cameo in the beginning of Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea under the control of Solana's Capture Styler where they put out a fire in a forest.An Azumarill also appears in The Rise of Darkrai, along with a Marill and Azurill.An Azumarill is used by a student of Pokemon Summer Academy in the second leg of the Pokemon Triathlon in One Team, Two Team, Red Team, Blue Team!.An Azumarill also appeared in To Thine Own Pokemon Be True!.An Azumarill made a brief appearance under the ownership of a Trainer in the Lily of the Valley Conference in An Old Family Blend!.An Azumarill appeared in Zoroark: Master of Illusions.An Azumarill appeared in Mewtwo  Prologue to Awakening.Two Azumarill appeared in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin!.An Azumarill appeared in Lumiose City Pursuit!.Madam Azumarill is a ninja master and Apricot and Marimaru's teacher in the ninja arts. She is also Marimaru's mother.Azumarill debuts in Forretress of Solitude where it was used to battle Red in his aptitude test to be the Gym Leader of Viridian City.Azumarill appears in Absolutely Azumarill, being chased by Crystal's mother. When her mother asks her to demonstrate her capturing prowess, Crystal fails, as she has done so since her failure to capture Suicune, eliciting her mother's concern over her sudden loss of her ability. Crystal's mom later appears with an Azumarill in the HeartGold & SoulSilver chapter, but it is not known if it is related to the other one.Matt uses an Azumarill in VS. Azumarill I and VS. Azumarill II in an attempt to drown both Sapphire and Flannery in the cable car of Mt. Chimney.It may be based on a combination of a rabbit and a beach ball or possibly a personal flotation device or lifebuoy.Azumarill is a combination of azure (a shade of blue) or azul (Spanish and Portuguese for blue), Marill, and possibly rill (a small river or brook)Marilli may be a combination of  marui (round or circular) or  mari (ball) and  ruri (lapis lazuli).
33 Azurill (Japanese:  Ruriri) is a dual-type Normal Fairy baby Pokemon, and prior to Generation VI, a pure Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves into Marill when leveled up with high friendship, which evolves into Azumarill starting at level 18.Azurill is a round, blue mouse Pokemon. It has circular ears with pink insides. There are two white dots on its cheeks, and it has black eyes. Its thin, black, zigzagging tail has a large blue ball at the end. The ball is bouncy and packed with the nutrients it needs to be able to grow. The ball can also be used as a flotation device. It can be seen bouncing and playing on this rubbery tail. The tail can also be spun around like a lasso. When the tail is thrown, the body can go as far as 33 feet. It uses its tail for fighting opponents bigger than itself. It lives at the water's edge.Misty was seen with an Azurill in The Scheme Team.Azurill first appeared in Pikachu's PikaBoo as one of the Pokemon that played Hide 'n' Seek with Pikachu.Azurill made its first appearance in the anime when May was in pursuit to capture the Polka Dot Pokemon in A Ruin with a View. She failed, and her Torchic ended up getting sprayed into submission by some of Azurill's companions which were also its evolved forms.An Azurill is one of the best friends of the Pichu Brothers. It has appeared in Big Meowth, Little Dreams.An Azurill appeared under the care of Katrina in A Bite to Remember.Two Azurill appeared in Abandon Ship!, living on the ship and bouncing past the group with a Marill.An Azurill appeared in Win, Lose, or Drew! as a Pokemon in the Slateport Contest.Multiple Azurill appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.An Azurill also appeared in Clamperl of Wisdom under the ownership of a little boy.An Azurill was used in the Izabe Island Pokemon Contest in A Cacturne for the Worse. Harley's Cacturne defeated the Polka Dot Pokemon in the second half of the Contest.An Azurill along with a Marill and an Azumarill made a cameo in the beginning of Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea under the control of Solana's Capture Styler where they put out a fire in a forest.An Azurill also appeared in The Rise of Darkrai, along with a Marill and an Azumarill.An Azurill appeared in Hungry For the Good Life!.An Azurill made a very brief appearance in League Unleashed!.An Azurill appeared in Zoroark: Master of Illusions.An Azurill appeared under the ownership of Normajean in The Brockster Is In!.Two Azurill appeared in Lumiose City Pursuit!, including one at Professor Sycamore's lab, who also appeared in Mega-Mega Meowth Madness!, Day Three Blockbusters! and in a flashback in Mega Evolution Special I.An Azurill appeared in A Blustery Santalune Gym Battle!.A Trainer's Azurill appeared in A Battle by Any Other Name!.In Pokemon Adventures,Azurill debuted in The Last Battle XIII as one of the Pokemon sent to help the fight in Ilex Forest. Later a few Azurill are seen throughout the Ruby & Sapphire chapter as Trainers' Pokemon.Azurill appears to be a mouse combined with a beach ball or possibly a personal flotation device or lifebuoy.Azurill is a combination of azure (a shade of blue) or azul (Spanish and Portuguese for blue) and rill (a small river or brook).Ruriri may be a corruption of  ruri (lapis lazuli) which is theoretically in Marill'sits evolutionname, or it may be a variation of azurite (a blue rock).
34 Bagon (Japanese:  Tatsubay) is a Dragon-type Pokemon.It evolves into Shelgon starting at level 30, which evolves into Salamence starting at level 50.Bagon is a bipedal, blue, reptilian Pokemon vaguely resembling Pachycephalosaurus. It possesses a large, round snout, triangular eyes, yellow, circular ears similar to reptiles, and a yellow lower jaw with two teeth protruding upwards. Three thick, gray ridges cover the top of its head, and continue downwards to cover its neck as well. There is a triangular patch of yellow on its underside. It has stubby, digitless arms and short legs with two toes on each foot.Bagon lives in rough terrains with cliffs and rocks. It longs to fly and dreams of one day being able to do so. Frustrated at its inability to fly, it leaps off cliffs and smashes its head against large rocks. This process of continually bashing its head causes it to become as hard as steel. Well-developed neck muscles support its hard head. This, combined with its power body, allows it to shatter rocks with its head.Bagon made its anime debut in Let Bagons be Bagons, in which a Bagon, belonging to a Trainer named Michelle, tries to learn how to fly, a trait shared with a runaway Bagon in Pinch Healing.A Bagon appeared in Pinch Healing!, where it fell ill and was treated by Brock.A Bagon was seen in Tag! We're It...! during the Hearthome City Tag Battle Competition, where it fought along with a Yanma against Brock's Sudowoodo and Holly's Wingull.A Bagon appeared during the Hoenn Grand Festival in Deceit and Assist.A Bagon under the ownership of a Coordinator appeared in New Plot, Odd Lot!.A Bagon appeared in Not on MY Watch Ya Don't!.A Bagon appeared during a Contest in Settling a Not-So-Old Score!.A Bagon also appeared in The Keystone Pops!.A Bagon appeared at the Pokemon Summer Academy in Camping It Up!.A Bagon appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.A Bagon appeared as one of the many Pokemon that grunts of Team Magma and Team Aqua sent out in the Seafloor Cavern in No Armaldo Is an Island.A Bagon appeared in Pocket Monsters XY.Bagon is based on a dragon, but possibly draws some aspects from Pachycephalosaurus, a species of two-legged dinosaur known for their domed heads.Bagon may be a combination of baby and dragon.Tatsubay may be a combination of  tatsu (dragon) and baby.
35 Baltoy (Japanese:  Yajilon) is a dual-type Ground Psychic Pokemon.It evolves into Claydol starting at level 36.Baltoy is a small Pokemon that resembles a tan figurine made out of clay or mud. There are arching, red markings over its eyes, which usually appear closed. A red stripe encircles its body, and forms a ring on its belly. It has flat appendages that resemble arms. A spike protrudes from the top of its head and another, smaller spike under its body. It moves by spinning on this single, pointed foot, and balance upright on it to sleep. Baltoy is usually found in ruins, where it congregates with its own kind and cries noisily. Old wall paintings depict it living with people in ancient times.Baltoy first appeared in Me, Myself and Time, under the ownership of a girl named Calista.In It's Still Rocket Roll to Me!, Tate and Liza were using Baltoy's Confusion to recreate weightlessness during a Pokemon Battle, even though their main Pokemon already possess the ability to float in mid-air. Later in that same episode, these Clay Doll Pokemon stopped Team Rocket from stealing the rocket ship.Another Baltoy appeared in Bucking the Treasure Trend!, under the ownership of Buck.A Baltoy is owned by one of the students of Snowpoint Trainers' School in Classroom Training!In the manga adaption of Arceus and the Jewel of Life, Marcus owns a Baltoy.Baltoy is based on a top with the design of a  Shakki-doga "spaceman" clay figurine from the Jmon period of Japanese history. It also seems to resemble Hopi Kachina figures.Baltoy may be a combination of balance and toy.Yajilon is an abbreviation of  yajirobe'e (balancing toy).
36 Banette (Japanese:  Juppeta) is a Ghost-type Pokemon.It evolves from Shuppet starting at level 37. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Banette using the Banettite.Banette is a dark gray, doll-like Pokemon that is possessed by pure hatred. It has three short spikes on its head and a long zigzagging ribbon trailing off the back of its head. A zipper acts as its mouth, and it has purplish-pink eyes with slit pupils. Its long, flat arms have three-fingered hands, while its legs are short and stubby. It has a yellow, brush-like tail.As Mega Banette, this Pokemon gains several additional zippers: one running diagonally across its face, one on each hand and another on its body. The first zipper runs from its left eye to the tip of its central spike. The other three are all unzipped, revealing parts of Mega Banette's purple body. Its three long purple fingers and body revealing two pointed, purple legs are visible. Its zigzagging ribbon becomes somewhat erect, and now has two zipper rings around it and a short zipper on the tip. It gains four further spikes: one on the top and bottom of each hand and one on each hip. However, it loses its brush-like tail.Being driven to life by a powerful grudge, it keeps its life force safely in its body by the means of its zipped up mouth. If unzipped, it would lose its energy. It lays curses on others by using its body as a voodoo doll and sticking pins into itself. It lives in garbage dumps and dark alleys, where it searches for the person that threw it away before it became a Pokemon.Harley used a Banette against May in the Grand Festival during Deceit and Assist. It reappeared in several contests, including the Mulberry City Contest in which Harley leant it Jessie in New Plot, Odd Lot!, and again in the Kanto Grand Festival in May, We Harley Drew'd Ya!.A Banette appeared in PK15.Three Banette appeared in Celebrating the Hero's Comet!.When Meowth was attempting to disguise himself as a Banette in Ghoul Daze!, he was scared off by a real one that was accompanied by a Shuppet and Duskull.A Banette that can Mega Evolve into Mega Banette appeared in Mega Evolution Special I.One of Sird's main Pokemon is a Banette, which she used in her battle with Silver to take him into custody on Giovanni's behalf. Against its short fight against the latter's Red Gyarados, it proved to be a force to be reckoned with as it easily overpowered its opponent.Its appearance and habit of sticking itself with pins is akin to the popular conception of voodoo dolls. Its Pokedex backstory of an ordinary doll coming to life is similar to the Tsukumogami, while the grudge it holds against its disowner is related to the idea of mottainai.Banette is a combination of bane and marionette.Juppeta may be a combination of  jubaku (curse or spell) and puppet. It may also refer to Geppetto, a woodcarver who built a puppet that came to life in the story of Pinocchio.
37 Barbaracle (Japanese:  Gamenodes) is a dual-type Rock Water Pokemon.It evolves from Binacle starting at level 39.Barbaracle's body consists of two gray rocks connected by an orange, segmented waist. Two Binacle have multiplied into seven, giving Barbaracle two legs, four arms and one head. The arm and leg Binacle are now orange with a single brown stripe, as opposed to a white one, and have brown "hands" with three claws each. The four arms have a single eye in each palm. In place of an eye, each foot has an orange four-pointed star-shape. The head, which resembles a fist, has two eyes, four clawed fingers on top and a fifth clawed "thumb" on its right cheek. Each limb thinks for itself and moves independently, though they usually follow the head's orders.In A Stealthy Challenge!, Barbaracle made its TV debut under the ownership of Saiz. Saiz used it to battle Ash's Froakie and Sanpei's Greninja in order to stop Sanpei from reaching its goal.A Barbaracle debuted in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction.Barbaracle seems to be based on the goose barnacle, due to their general shape and use of a connective "stalk" to cling to rocks. Considering one "main" Barbaracle survives together with others, it may possibly reference to the rarer, same species symbiosis, in particular conjunctive symbiosis due to their fusion into a single body. Considering its hand-like limbs and bodies, and its eyes within its many hands's "palms", it may have also been based on the hamsa. Its limbs having minds of their own may be a reference to alien hand syndrome.Barbaracle may be a combination of barbarian and barnacle.Gamenodes may be a combination of  kame no te (Japanese goose barnacle) and death.
38 Barboach (Japanese:  Dojoach) is a dual-type Water Ground Pokemon.It evolves into Whiscash starting at level 30.Barboach is a small, serpentine Pokemon that resembles a loach. The main body is a soft gray with a jagged black line running its length. Its eyes are very small, and it has a round, blue nose. It has several blue barbels that are used as a superb radar in murky water, and can be used for taste as well. These whiskers are left exposed when it hides in the mud to wait for prey. There are two rounded, blue pectoral fins and a single dorsal fin, all of which have black spots. Its tail fin it also rounded and blue, but possess no spots. A slimy film covers it and protects it from bacteria and allows it to get away easily when grabbed. If it does not stay moist, it dries up and weakens. Because of this, it is usually found at the water's edge if not in the water.Barboach was going to be featured in an episode between Solid as a Solrock and Vanity Affair. However, the episode never aired due to an earthquake that occurred in Japan sometime before its scheduled airdate. The episode hasn't aired since.Barboach did make its official debut in The Great Eight Fate! as one of the Pokemon that Juan used for his performance at the episode's beginning.A few wild Barboach were seen in the wild in On Olden Pond!Multiple Barboach were owned by a family of traveling circus performers in Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea.A Barboach appeared in Strategy Begins at Home!Barboach has appeared in aquariums belonging to Mr. Briney and Team Aqua, but unlike its evolved counterpart, it has not played any major roles.Barboach seems to be based on the dojo loach found in East Asia. Sharing many characteristics with the genus such as; burying themselves to hide from view, using their whiskers to detect their surroundings, secretion of a slimy substance and the ability to encase themselves in mud.Barboach is a combination of barb (referring to the barbs around its mouth) or barbel and loach.Dojoach is a combination of  doj (loach) and loach.
39 Basculin (Japanese:  Bassrao) is a Water-type Pokemon.While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon, it does have two different appearances: Red-Striped Form, which has a red stripe and irises, with a round eye and spiky fins; and Blue-Striped Form, which has a blue stripe and irises, with a slit eye and smooth fins.The body of both Red- and Blue-Striped Basculin is the same. They have a green, ovoid body, tapering off in the rear to a trapezoidal tail fin. A thick black stripe covers the top of their body from mouth to tail and a white, dorsal fin with four protrusions resembling spikes. Their lower jaw juts ahead of their upper jaw, with a small indent near the edges of their mouth. Both forms have three black dots on both sides of their body, behind their pectoral fins.The main difference between the two forms of Basculin is the color of the stripe that separates the black and green on their body. Both forms of Basculin have fins in the same places, with one on top of their body ahead of the tail fin, one below the body ahead of the tail fin, and two side fins. However, Red-Striped Basculin have jagged fins that resemble tridents, whereas Blue-Striped Basculin have smooth fins all around. Red-Striped Basculin have circular, red eyes, while Blue-Striped Basculin have narrower, blue eyes.Both forms of Basculin are extremely hostile, especially towards their opposite form. Red- and Blue-Striped Basculin generally start fighting each other on sight. However, on rare occasions, one form may swim with the other's school. Basculin are also consumed by humans and are considered very delicious.Both forms of Basculin appeared in A Fishing Connoisseur in a Fishy Competition!. Cilan managed to capture a Blue-Striped one; however, a wild Frillish released it. A few other Basculin appeared during the episode. A Red-Striped and a Blue-Striped one were seen being reeled in by two unnamed Trainers. Iris managed to fish another Blue-Striped one with her bare hands but was penalized for it.A Red-Striped Basculin appeared in PK22.A photo of multiple Basculin appeared in The Four Seasons of Sawsbuck!.Multiple Basculin made an appearance in Stopping the Rage of Legends! Part 1 and Stopping the Rage of Legends! Part 2.Multiple Blue-Striped Basculin appeared in Kyurem VS. The Sword of Justice.Multiple Red-Striped Basculin appeared in The Mystery of the Missing Cubchoo!.Multiple Red-Striped Basculin and one Blue-Striped appeared in Going for the Gold!.In The Key to Triple Battles, Cheren uses a Red-Striped Basculin against Monta in a Triple Battle.A member of the Shadow Triad used a Blue-Striped Basculin to attack Lenora at Nacrene City.Basculin were most likely inspired by a bass or piranha, the latter of which has historically been viewed as violent.According to interviews with Ken Sugimori in Nintendo Dream, Basculin was created late in development when they realized there were few new 'standard' fish-like Pokemon in Unova, the only others being Alomomola, Stunfisk, Frillish and Jellicent. It was given two forms to make up for the small amount of fish in the region, and based on a bass since there are wild bass in New York state.Basculin is a combination of bass and masculine.Bassrao may be a combination of bass and  masurao (warrior, referring to its bold, violent nature) or  bakarao (bacalhau).
40 Bastiodon (Japanese:  Torideps) is a dual-type Rock Steel Fossil Pokemon.It evolves from Shieldon starting at level 30, after it is revived from an Armor Fossil.Bastiodon appears to be a cross between a Zuniceratops and a bulldozer. Its dark gray, square head resembles a castle wall, complete with four cream yellow, window-like spots with a black outline, three dark gray spikes on the top, and two larger gray spikes in the upper corners. Bastiodon's triangular nose extends from the middle of its shield-like head down over its lips and appears to be pierced by a gray, horizontal spike. Four spikes jut downward and four large, blunt tusks protrude upward from its dark gray lower jaw. Bastiodon's cream yellow eyes are partially obscured by the nasal spike and spaced-out tusks. Its thick, cream yellow body is further protected by a gray ridge and dark gray plates on its back, jagged growths on its legs, and a plated tail. Despite its rough, intimidating appearance, Bastiodon is surprisingly docile, caring, and feeds on grass and Berries. If a herd of Bastiodon is attacked, the adults will line up in a wall around their young. Their rock-hard heads can repulse any attack.Bastiodon made its debut appearance in the anime in Ancient Family Matters! under the ownership of Byron. It also appeared in Dealing With Defensive Types! where it was used in the Gym battle against Ash.Bastiodon made a minor appearance in Phantom Thief Pokemon 7 under the ownership of Mako. The reporter used the large Shield Pokemon to block the titular thief's progress, but didn't actually battle him.Diamond's Shieldon, nicknamed "Don," evolved into a Bastiodon fighting several opponents at the Galactic Veilstone Building. Already a sturdy Pokemon prior to evolving, this solidified its strong defenses even more.Like in the games, Bastiodon appears alongside Byron. He used it during his training sessions with Hareta.Bastiodon is based on a ceratopsian dinosaur. Its protective growth resembles a castle wall. Its head resembles that of Zuniceratops.Bastiodon is a combination of bastion or bastille and don (from  dnti, Greek for tooth; a suffix in various dinosaur names). The spike through its nose is reminiscent of the nose bones from various indigenous tribes.Torideps is a combination of  toride (fortress) and Triceratops.
41 Bayleef (Japanese:  Bayleaf) is a Grass-type Pokemon.It evolves from Chikorita starting at level 16 and evolves into Meganium starting at level 32.Bayleef resembles a pale yellow sauropod dinosaur or a lizard. A large leaf shaped like a scythe protrudes from its head. It has red eyes, and has one large toenail on each of its four feet. It also has a small tail. It has curled leaf-like growths, stated to be buds with small tree shoots inside, sprouting in a ring around its neck.The aroma wafting from the leaf-like growths around its neck has a spicy scent, and exhibits various beneficial effects on itself, nearby people, or Pokemon who inhale it. The fragrance has a combination of energizing, stimulating, and healing effects. Bayleef can be rarely found in grasslands among other Bayleef and its evolutions.Ash's Chikorita evolved into Bayleef in Current Events. Ash's Bayleef still had the same personality it had when it was still a Chikorita, but it soon mellowed out.Casey's Chikorita evolved into Bayleef in The Bug Stops Here. It evolved again into a Meganium off screen prior to the events of Here's Lookin' At You, Elekid!.In Lively Larvitar of Pokemon Adventures, Crystal's Chickorita, nicknamed Megaree, evolves into a Bayleef while defending his Trainer against an attack from an old foe, an impish wild Larvitar. Although he had been such a short while since he had evolved that it didn't know how to restrain the Sweet Scent he gave around him (causing wild Lickitung to gather around him), he evolved with his fellow (and newly reawakened) starter Pokemon in the fight against Lugia in the Whirl Islands.In Pokemon Gold & Silver: The Golden Boys, Gold has a Bayleef that used to belong to Black, but was released by its former Trainer for being too weak. After joining Gold's team, it has been able to defeat strong opponents such as Bugsy's Scyther.Bayleef is based on a group of dinosaurs called sauropods, specifically the Apatosaurus. Its vegetable part is based on the leaves of the bay laurel, which oil is used for healing and as a stimulant in aromatherapy.Bayleef is a corruption of bay leaf, an herb.
42 Beartic (Japanese:  Tunbear) is an Ice-type Pokemon.It evolves from Cubchoo starting at level 37.Beartic is an ursine, quadruped creature capable of standing on its hind legs. It has bluish white fur with a shaggy tuft at its rear. Three spikes of ice hang from its lower jaw, forming a beard. Its face consists of a long snout, beady black eyes, and rounded ears. Its large forepaws have black claws and paw pads. Beartic is capable of freezing its own breath, and will create pathways across water using this technique. It inhabits northern areas where it catches prey in the cold waters.Beartic debuted in Iris and Excadrill Against the Dragon Buster! under the ownership of Georgia. It easily managed to defeat Iris's Axew, as well as Excadrill afterwards. It is later challenged to a rematch where it ties in battle against Excadrill.Several Beartic appear in WhiteVictini and Zekrom and BlackVictini and Reshiram. They lived on the frozen tundra where the village that Glacine, Luis, Donuke and other People of the Vale lived in was located.Several wild Beartic appeared in The Beartic Mountain Feud!.A Beartic appeared under the ownership of Brycen in Guarding the Guardian of the Mountain!.A Beartic appeared in The Mystery of the Missing Cubchoo!.A Beartic appeared in Team Plasma's Pokemon Power Plot! as a test specimen of Colress.A Beartic appeared in The Journalist from Another Region! under the ownership of Morgan and in a flashback.A photo of a Beartic appeared in The Four Seasons of Sawsbuck!.A Beartic appeared in a fantasy in Ash and N: A Clash of Ideals!.Brycen owns a Beartic.A Beartic appears as the Burst form of Loren.Beartic is based on the polar bear, a species of bear found primarily in the Arctic Circle.Beartic is a combination of bear, or possibly beard, and arctic. Notably, arctic itself derives from  arktos, Ancient Greek for bear.Tunbear may be a combination of tundra,  tsurara (icicle), and bear.
43 Beautifly (Japanese:  Agehunt) is a dual-type Bug Flying Pokemon.It evolves from Silcoon starting at level 10. It is one of Wurmple's final forms, the other being Dustox.Beautifly is a butterfly-like Pokemon with two pairs of wings. It has a long and curled black proboscis, large blue eyes, and black antennae that extend out of its head. It has a gray face, underside, and four stubby limbs. Its wings are black with large, yellow markings, and other red and blue markings. The rim of the wings has a line of yellow on the edge, and the lower pair of wings has a long, round-tipped extension. The female's wings have smaller red spots than the male.It is aggressive, as it uses its long thin mouth to jab at foes when it attacks or if it is disturbed while collecting pollen. It will drain the body fluids of its prey. Beautifly lives in forests.May's Silcoon evolved into a Beautifly in Seeing is Believing. Beautifly from then on was used in many Contests by May during her travels in Hoenn. In fact, Beautifly was called upon so often that May's Torchic began to feel jealous of it. Beautifly was left at the Petalburg Gym after May competed in the Hoenn Grand Festival. It returned with its trainer to participate in the Wallace Cup during the Diamond and Pearl Series.Aaron's Wurmple was revealed to have evolved into Beautifly in A Trainer and Child Reunion!.In All Things Bright and Beautifly!, Janet used her Beautifly in the Rustboro City Pokemon Contest.Sakura also has a Beautifly, which she used to help Misty stop the thieves in The Blue Badge of Courage.A Beautifly appeared in Arceus and the Jewel of Life under the ownership of Kiko. It was used in a Tag Battle against Ash's Pikachu and Dawn's Piplup alongside Kato's Heracross.Beautifly made its debut in Get the Show on the Road!.A flock of Beautifly appeared in A Bite to Remember.Two Beautifly appeared in the opening of Jirachi: Wish Maker.Multiple Beautifly appeared in The Rise of Darkrai and Zoroark: Master of Illusions.A group of Beautifly also appeared in Genesect and the Legend Awakened at Pokemon Hills.A Beautifly appeared on the picture in the gallery museum in A Blustery Santalune Gym Battle!.May owns a Beautifly in Ash and Pikachu similar to the anime.Beautifly made its first appearance in the manga with several other Pokemon at the start of Creeping Past Cacnea.Beautifly is one of the Pokemon owned by Winona.Galactic Grunt B-2 uses the Bug-type to fight Hareta in Dialga's Secret Keys.Beautifly appears to be based on the swallowtail butterfly while its Shiny coloration may be based on the eastern tiger swallowtail's.Beautifly is a combination of beauty and butterfly. It may also be a play on beautify.Agehunt may be a combination of  agehach (swallowtail butterfly) and hunt.
44 Beedrill (Japanese:  Spear) is a dual-type Bug Poison Pokemon.It evolves from Kakuna starting at level 10. It is the final form of Weedle. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Beedrill using the Beedrillite.Beedrill mostly resembles a bipedal wasp; however, it only has four legs instead of six and lacks pigment pits. Beedrill's head is round with a slightly pointed mouth, large, red eyes, and antennae in the shape of the number seven. Its forelegs are tipped with long, conical stingers. It stands on its other two legs, which are long, segmented, and insectoid in shape. Beedrill has two pairs of rounded, veined wings, and another stinger on its striped abdomen.As Mega Beedrill, its gains more features. The horns becomes more curves and sharp like two different triangle fused together each. The red changed from a round shape to a triangle-like shape. The first wings are larger but split in two with two black armor like antennas. The other two wings become smaller. The two stingers on both arms become larger, longer, changing into javelin spears. The insectoid legs are change into another set of javelin stingers but smaller attached to a yellow and black wrist armor. The abdomen stinger is now attached to a black hip with a small neck. The tail stinger is changed to the color tan yellow. The abdomen attached tot eh tails finger is larger, mixed with a part circle and part rectangular shape. Black stripes now appear on the chest, second stinger and abdomen tail. The poison that Mega Beedrill produces from its four limbs all work instantaneously, yet the poison it emits from its tail is slow-acting. It uses the former to prevent its foes from fleeing, and the latter to deal the finishing blow.[1]Beedrill is highly territorial and normally lives in colonies. As seen in the anime, Beedrill seems to be especially concerned with the welfare of Weedle and Kakuna, and it will respond aggressively to those that disturb them. Disturbing a swarm of Beedrill will cause the whole colony to attack. It flies at high speed and attacks using the large venomous stingers on its forelegs and abdomen. The two stingers on its forelimbs allow it to use its former signature move, Twineedle. It will take the victims of its attacks back to its nest for food. Beedrill nests in forests and misty wooded areas.Ash captured a Beedrill in the Bug-Catching Contest, but he gave it to Casey because she is a huge fan of yellow and black Pokemon. Multiple Beedrill also appeared in the same episode.Beedrill's first non-cameo appearance was in Challenge of the Samurai, where a swarm of them stole Ash's Metapod after evolving from Kakuna. The reason for this was to avenge Ash for failing to capture the Weedle (and startling it), which subsequently fled after Samurai arrived. The Beedrill reappeared in a flashback in Battle Aboard the St. Anne.In The Fourth Round Rumble a Trainer named Jeanette Fisher used a Beedrill against Ash's Bulbasaur. It reappeared in a flashback in Friends to the End.In The Lost Lapras, an obnoxious Trainer who was attacking a Lapras had a Beedrill.Jimmy of New Bark Town owns a Beedrill which was seen in The Legend of Thunder!During Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea, The Phantom used two of these Poison Bee Pokemon to chase Ash and friends.Multiple Beedrill appeared in Danger, Sweet as Honey!, evolving from a group of Kakuna.A swarm of Beedrill appeared in A Battle of Aerial Mobility!, chasing Ash, Clemont and Bonnie because Clemont's phonograph attracted the Poison Bee Pokemon instead of the Fletchling he was trying to attract.Another swarm of Beedrill appeared in A Jolting Switcheroo!, where they were chasing Lena and Dedenne, but they all were defeated by Pikachu and Dedenne.A Beedrill appeared in Foggy Pokemon Orienteering! when it was disturbed by Bonnie and Pikachu, who has been hit by a big twig on its head caused by Bonnie, but it quickly got away before Pikachu was about to attack it.Three Beedrill appeared in Splitting Heirs!.Beedrill has appeared in a lot of episodes, mostly having an antagonistic role to Ash and his friends who are usually attacked by a swarm of Beedrill and end up running away.A Beedrill appeared in The Path to the Pokemon League under the ownership of A.J..In a flashback of The Purr-fect Hero, Timmy was saved from a Beedrill by a Meowth.Multiple Beedrill appeared in Showdown at the Po-ke Corral, where they attacked Team Rocket.A Beedrill, under the ownership of an unnamed Trainer, appeared in a flashback in A Shipful of Shivers.A Beedrill appeared in Tracey Gets Bugged, where it blew Team Rocket's balloon.A Beedrill was seen in a fantasy in The Rivalry Revival.A Beedrill appeared in Illusion Confusion! as an illusion created by Haunter and Gengar.Multiple Beedrill attacked Ash and his friends in Going Apricorn! while they were looking for Apricorns.Multiple Beedrill appeared in For Crying Out Loud and Hot Matches! where they attacked Ash and his friends.Multiple Beedrill appeared in Mewtwo Returns, Celebi: Voice of the Forest, Pokemon Heroes and Destiny Deoxys.A swarm of Beedrill also appeared in A Better Pill to Swallow where they were attracted by the Shuckle juice that Team Rocket drank. Three Beedrill appeared in the same episode as part of Brock's fantasy.Multiple Beedrill attacked Ash's Bayleef in Turning Over A New Bayleef after she kicked a rock in the bush they were residing.Three Beedrill were among the inhabitants of an oasis just for Pokemon in Got Miltank?.In Extreme Pokemon!, a Beedrill appeared with its Trainer, participating in the Extreme Pokemon Race.Multiple Beedrill appeared in A Poached Ego! where they attacked Team Rocket.A Beedrill was used by one of the students of the Pokemon Trainer's School in Gonna Rule The School!.A Beedrill is used in the PokeRinger Contest in That's Just Swellow.A Beedrill appeared in a flashback in Kindergarten Chaos!.A Beedrill appeared in A Conspiracy to Conquer!, where it was mind controlled by Malamar.A Beedrill that can Mega Evolve into Mega Beedrill appeared in SS031.In the The Electric Tale of Pikachu manga, Ash caught a Beedrill in Kanto, and it was part of a swarm that he had disturbed when he caught a Mankey. He thought this Beedrill, along with Mankey, would help him to raise his Trainer level, but it couldn't.In Wake UpYoure Snorlax! a herd of angry Beedrill attacked Red because Saur accidentally hit their hive. Both the Trainer and his Pokemon were badly stung afterwards.Later a Beedrill appeared as a silhouette when Green explains about Mew in The Jynx Jinx.Giovanni uses a Beedrill three times later on, first against Red at Viridian Gym in Golly, Golem! and Long Live the Nidoqueen!?, then against Lance on Cerise Island in The Beedrill All and End All, and finally against Deoxys on Birth Island alongside his Aggron in It Takes Patience, Knowledge and a Really Quick Beedrill. Giovanni has stated that it is one of his most treasured and strongest team members as he caught in his childhood at Viridian Forest, which eventually helped Yellow when facing Lance. It is also one of the few members of his team that isn't a Ground-type.In A Flaaffy Kerfuffle a Beedrill appeared where it was one of the Pokemon in Professor Oak's fantasy when he explains that trainers should only have six Pokemon with them.A Beedrill appeared in Clefairy's New Power! of Pokemon Ruby-Sapphire.One Beedrill figure has been released.Beedrill was in the first Super Smash Bros. game. When a Poke Ball was opened, one would come out and fly away. A few seconds later a whole swarm would fly by and attack everyone on the field except the user. Its role was taken over by Unown in Super Smash Bros. Melee.Its design appears to simply be a stylized bee or wasp. However, it has a much closer resemblance to an Asian giant hornet. Its Shiny form may be based on the Agapostemon, as both are green in color.Beedrill is a combination of bee and drill (indicating its needle-like arms).Spear refers to its stingers. In addition, the reverse of  is  Apis (the genus for the honey bee).
45 Beheeyem (Japanese:  Ohbem) is a Psychic-type Pokemon.It evolves from Elgyem starting at level 42.Beheeyem is a brown extraterrestrial Pokemon with an oblong head with depressions on either side. It has black, symmetrical lines going down the front of its head. Under the rim of its head, there lays two green eyes with small black pupils. It has a lighter brown "collar" and 4 dots on its chest of the same color. Beheeyem's arms has three finger-like digits: one red, one green, and one yellow. It has a rim underneath its main body, and has two small legs. It communicates by flashing its multi-colored fingers. Beheeyem can change the memories of its opponents, being able to erase and even rewrite them.Beheeyem made its anime debut in Beheeyem, Duosion, and the Dream Thief! under the ownership of Leon, a.k.a. the "Dream Thief".Multiple Beheeyem appeared in Capacia Island UFO!, searching for a koban that fell in Capacia Island when their flying saucer crashed there.A Beheeyem appears as the Burst form of Rabine.Beheeyem is based on greys, one of the more popular kinds of alien. Judging from Elgyem's Pokedex entry, it and its evolution may also be based on the Area 51 alien conspiracies or the Roswell incident. Additionally, Beheeyem's design resembles a person wearing a hat and trenchcoat, and is likely based on stereotypical spies, shady figures, "Men in Black", or government agents in connection with alien sightings. The colored dots on its hands resembles the colorful faces of the invaders in the 1953 War of the Worlds film; the aliens in the film had green, blue and red dots just like Beheeyem's Shiny coloration. Considering its species names, physical appearance, and powers, it may also be based on a brain.Beheeyem is a corruption of the abbreviation BEM, an old-fashioned term used to refer to extraterrestrials.Ohbem may be a combination of orb and BEM (pronounced as a single word in Japanese). Oh may also refer to   (large) and bem may also refer to beam (referencing tractor beams from UFOs).
46 Beldum (Japanese:  Dumbber) is a dual-type Steel Psychic Pokemon.It evolves into Metang starting at level 20, which evolves into Metagross starting at level 45.Beldum is a robotic Pokemon that has a long body with a set of claws sticking out of its rear end. It has one large, red eye in the center of its nearly spherical head, which is set into a ball-and-socket joint at its front end. A short crest projects from its body and extends over its head. Even though Beldum is a mechanical creature, it still has emotions, the need to eat, and a way of reproducing. Beldum's body lacks blood, and is instead powered by a magnetic force. It uses magnetism to move, communicate, and control its attacks. Beldum sometimes gathers in swarms, communicating with each other telepathically. Beldum is scarce in the wild, but it does tend to inhabit areas with rugged terrain. It anchors itself to a cliff using its hooks when it sleeps.Beldum first appeared in Less is Morrison where it belonged to Morrison. It evolved into Metang in Saved by the Beldum.A Beldum appeared in Zoroark: Master of Illusions under the ownership of a Pokemon Baccer participant.In Pokemon Adventures, Steven owns a large amount of Beldum that serve, along with a Metang and Metagross, as miners that help him unearth rare stones in various caves around Hoenn. These same Beldum were called upon to defeat the Mawile herd in Granite Cave when both Ruby and Steven were attacked by them.Beldum seems to be a magnetic robot based on a dumbbell. It also bears a partial resemblance to a bullet, which suits its jet-like flying ability and single move. It also resembles a limb of a Metang or Metagross, a reference to how it evolves.Beldum and Dumbber are derived from dumbbell, a small weight used in weight training.
47 Bellossom (Japanese:  Kireihana) is a Grass-type Pokemon.It evolves from Gloom when exposed to a Sun Stone. It is one of Oddish's final forms, the other being Vileplume.Bellossom is a primarily green Pokemon with circular blue eyes and red markings on its cheeks. It has two bright red flowers on its head and green and yellow leaves that resemble a skirt, all adding to the appearance of a hula dancer. Bellossom's petals are said to be more beautiful the worse the Gloom it evolved from smelled. When it rubs the petals on its head together, it creates a pleasing sound. Bellossom does not possess feet; in the anime, its center-most leaves bent as it was getting ready to spring, suggesting that it uses its leaves as substitutes for feet or legs. However, the Pokedex does classify it as a biped.Bellossom is often seen dancing and chanting. In particular, Bellossom dances when cloudy weather persists, or when the heavy rainfall season ends and it is drawn out by the warm sunlight. It lives in grassy plains. It can also be found in tropical areas such as jungles and swamps, where the ground is rich in nutrients.Bellossom's first major appearance was in Flower Power. A girl named Bailey had a pair that she wanted to be able to a dance, but one of them was having trouble with the somersault that the dance required.In Whichever Way the Wind Blows, there was a meadow in which Gloom evolved by collecting sediments of either Leaf Stones or Sun Stones that blew in the wind. The Vileplume and Bellossom were feuding in that area.A Bellossom under the ownership of Noelle appeared in Strategy Begins at Home!.A Bellossom appeared in XY057, under the ownership of a female Trainer's where Chespin wanted to give it a flower, but it refused its request.Bellossom first appeared in Pikachu's Rescue Adventure.A Bellossom was one of the Pokemon seen at the Pokemon Swap Meet in Tricks of the Trade.Two Bellossom appeared in The Grass Route. One belonged to Ephraim's parents and another belonged to an unnamed competitor participating in the Grass-type tournament.Bellossom were dancing in a grassy field and Togepi joined in, in the episode Houndoom's Special Delivery.Three Bellossom appeared in Brock's dream in Sick Daze, dancing and singing.Bellossom was in a garden that Ash's Bayleef ran off to in Turning Over a New Bayleef.Multiple Bellossom also appeared in Celebi: Voice of the Forest.Three Bellossom were seen in the wild in The Legend of Thunder!.Three Bellossom were among the inhabitants of an oasis just for Pokemon in Got Miltank?.Multiple Bellossom were among the feuding Pokemon at Professor Oak's Laboratory in Bulbasaur... the Ambassador!.Tammy from I Politoed Ya So! had some Bellossom in her cheerleading squad.Several Bellossom were among the inhabitants of the Dragon Holy Land in Fangs for Nothin'.Three Bellossom appeared in the wild in Hatch Me If You Can.Several Bellossom were among the Pokemon seen at Professor Oak's Laboratory in Showdown at the Oak Corral.An injured Bellossom appeared under the care of Katrina in A Bite to Remember.A group of Bellossom were found in a field by May in All in a Day's Wurmple.A Bellossom was used by one of the students of the Pokemon Trainer's School in Gonna Rule The School!.Another one also appeared in Win, Lose or Drew!.A Bellossom appeared in Arriving in Style! under the ownership of a Pokemon Stylist.Two Bellossom made a cameo in Arceus and the Jewel of Life.Another Bellossom appeared in Dawn of a Royal Day!.Bellossom also appeared in Zoroark: Master of Illusions, as few of the many wild Pokemon who live in Crown City.A Bellossom appeared in The Island of Illusions! as an image.A group of Bellossom also appeared in Genesect and the Legend Awakened at Pokemon Hills.A Bellossom appeared as a plush toy in A Jolting Switcheroo!.A Bellossom appeared in A Battle by Any Other Name!.Two Bellossom appeared in Dreaming a Performer's Dream!.Multiple Bellossom also appeared in XY057 in Ramos' ranch.In Magical Pokemon Journey, Pikachu and Clefairy rescue Princess Bellossom of the Flower Kingdom from Prince Sudowoodo of the Stone Kingdom in Pikachu and Clefairy's Heroic Tales.Bellossom debuted in Murkrow Row when Gold helped Joey get his bag back; it was one of the Pokemon in the bag.In Bringing up Bellossom, Erika owns a group of Bellossom who presumably help her in flower arrangement. One of them battled Pryce's Swinub during the Gym Leaders' exhibition matches at Indigo Plateau.When released from a Poke Ball, Bellossom will use its Sweet Scent to put any nearby opponents into a deep sleep. As Bellossom stays on-screen for longer than most Pokemon, this gives the thrower time to power up a smash move. It is also available as a trophy."From time to time, these beautiful flower Pokemon will gather in numbers and perform an odd sort of dance to call out the sun. While in the midst of this strange exhibition, their petals brush together to create a peaceful and soothing melody. A Gloom will only evolve into a Bellossom if it's exposed to a Sun Stone."Bellossom makes a return appearance in Brawl, once again using its Sweet Scent to put opponents to sleep and leave them vulnerable to attacks."A Flower Pokemon. After spells of cloudy weather, Bellossom will gather to call out the sun by performing a dance. When exposed long enough to the sun, the leaves on its body will spin around. A Bellossom's Speed is also known to increase with sun exposure. Its main specialty is poison attacks. Also, Bellossom will close its flowers when sleeping."Bellossom returns as a Poke Ball summon, once again using Sweet Scent to put opponents to sleep.NA: A Grass-type Pokemon, Bellossom evolves from Gloom, losing its secondary Poison type. It also gets smaller. It's most common to find Bellossom in tropical climates, grouped together and dancing. In Smash Bros., the Sweet Scent from Bellossom can put even the most hardened fighters to sleep.PAL: Two unusual things happen when Gloom evolves into Bellossom: it gets smaller, and it loses its secondary type, Poison, becoming a purely Grass-type Pokemon. These Pokemon are most commonly found in groups in the tropics. Here, the more damage fighters have taken, the longer Sweet Scent keeps them asleep!Bellossom may be based on a Rafflesia keithii and a hula dancer. Judging from its body structure and Pokedex entries, it may also be based on a bell.Bellossom is a combination of bella or belle (Spanish and French for pretty) and blossom. It may also involve bell.Kireihana is a combination of  kirei (pretty) and  hana (flower). It may also involve  rei (bell).
48 Bellsprout (Japanese:  Madatsubomi) is a dual-type Grass Poison Pokemon.It evolves into Weepinbell starting at level 21, which evolves into Victreebel when exposed to a Leaf Stone.Bellsprout is a plant-based Pokemon with a stem-like brown body. This stem is long, thin and very flexible, making it capable of swerving rapidly to avoid many attacks or moving with blinding speed to capture prey. Its roots resemble feet, and it uses them as such. It will plant these feet in the ground to replenish water, but it is unable to flee while it is rooted. It has one green leaf on each side of its body. Its yellow head is bell-shaped and has what appear to be pink lips at the end. Bellsprout prefers hot and humid places, living in forests as well as tropical jungles.Bellsprout's first major appearance was in The Fourth Round Rumble, as Jeanette Fisher's Pokemon. This Bellsprout was unusually strong and managed to defeat Ash's Bulbasaur and Pikachu, but lost to Ash's Muk. It reappeared in a flashback in the following episode and in Bulbasaur... the Ambassador!.Another major appearance was in A Bout With Sprout. A boy called Zackie from Earl Dervish's Pokemon academy wanted to have Ash's Pikachu very badly. In his efforts to catch it, he captured a Bellsprout instead. This Bellsprout later saved the day when Team Rocket was causing trouble at the Sprout Tower.A Bellsprout named "Spoopy" appeared in A Better Pill to Swallow as Old Man Shuckle's Pokemon. It was able to run very fast and it could lift boulders.A very old Bellsprout appeared in PK13. It is the elder of the Summer Festival, and was the one who tells Pikachu and the others about an Aggron living on a deserted island, where Skarmory took Azumarill.A Bellsprout appeared in Who, What, When, Where, Wynaut? under the ownership of Roderick.Bellsprout first appeared in Primeape Goes Bananas.A Bellsprout also appeared in Pokemon Fashion Flash.A Bellsprout was seen in a Pokemon Center in Sparks Fly for Magnemite.Bellsprout also appeared in The Kangaskhan Kid and The March of the Exeggutor Squad, The Breeding Center Secret and Pallet Party Panic.A Bellsprout appeared in Mewtwo Strikes Back.Multiple pink Bellsprout resided on the Pinkan Island in In the Pink.Bellsprout also appeared in The Power of One.A Bellsprout was part of an exhibition in Flower Power.A Bellsprout belonging to the Nursing School, appeared in a flashback in Ignorance is Blissey.Multiple Bellsprout appeared in Foul Weather Friends.A Bellsprout was one of the Pokemon seen at the Pokemon Swap Meet in Tricks of the Trade.A Bellsprout was one of the sick Pokemon in a Pokemon Center in Carrying On!.A Bellsprout appeared in Beauty and the Breeder where it participated in a Pokemon beauty contest.A Bellsprout appeared on a poster in Imitation Confrontation.Two Bellsprout appeared in the wild in The Grass Route while two appeared in the same episode belonging to two different unnamed competitors participating in the Grass-type tournament.A Bellsprout also appeared in Celebi: Voice of the Forest.A Bellsprout was one of the inhabitants of an oasis just for Pokemon in Got Miltank?.Two Bellsprout were among the Pokemon seen at Wings Alexander's barn in Throwing in the Noctowl.A Bellsprout was seen in the wild in The Legend of Thunder!.A Bellsprout was one of the inhabitants of the Dragon Holy Land in Fangs for Nothin'.A Bellsprout was seen being fed by Tracey at Professor Oak's Laboratory in Johto Photo Finish.A Bellsprout was used by one of the students of the Pokemon Trainer's School in Gonna Rule The School!.A Bellsprout appeared in The Ribbon Cup Caper at the ships Pokemon Center.A Bellsprout appeared in the opening of Lucario and the Mystery of Mew.A Bellsprout appeared in The Saffron Con as a Pokemon owned by a Coordinator that was taken by Team Rocket.Another Bellsprout appeared in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Team Go-Getters Out of the Gate!.Bellsprout made a small appearance in The Rise of Darkrai as one of the Pokemon Darkrai hit with a Dark Void.It also appeared in Pokemon Ranger and the Kidnapped Riolu! Part One.A Bellsprout made a cameo in Arceus and the Jewel of Life.Another Bellsprout appeared in Promoting Healthy Tangrowth!.Bellsprout appeared in Zoroark: Master of Illusions as a few of the many local Pokemon who lives in Crown City. A Bellsprout worked with several other Pokemon in surrounding Zorua at the park to attack him, angry at Zorua for what Zoroark did to the city. Before a fight broke out, Bellsprout, along with the other Pokemon, were calmed by Celebi.A Bellsprout appeared in XY057.Bellsprout makes a cameo in the Red, Green & Blue chapter in ...But Fearow Itself! when Red remembers capturing one.Bellsprout appeared as a silhouette when Green explains about Mew in The Jynx Jinx.Later, in Meanwhile...Vileplume! Erika of the Celadon Gym is seen in possession of a Bellsprout, who, despite its small size, was able to daze the fully-evolved Poli by mimicking its DoubleSlap. Later, during the Yellow chapter, it was revealed to have fully evolved.In A Hollow Victreebel a hidden colony of Bellsprout line members in the Safari Zone captured Red for their evolution ritual. With the help of Pidgebot 1 that was assigned to him, and a few good items he carried around, the Bellsprout that were about to eat him for their evolution were distracted, and he was able to flee. By morning Red had captured multiple Safari Zone Pokemon including several Bellsprout.A sextet of Bellsprout is seen in Bellsprout Rout during Gold's visit to Sprout Tower. Gold is attacked by the monks and their Bellsprout in an attempt to convince him to join their group. The excellent teamwork of the Bellsprout manages to make short work of Gold's Aipom, only to lose to Gold's Cyndaquil when it incinerates them from below. A picture and two statues of Bellsprout appeared by the side of the Sprout Tower in Bellsprout Rout.In The Last Battle XIII a Bellsprout was one of the Pokemon sent to help the fight in Ilex Forest.Sh has two Bellsprout in the Pokemon Gotta Catch 'Em All manga. He captured the first in a Pokemon capturing competition in Pokemon Get Match!!. He captured the second one in Plague on the Bellsprout.Bellsprout and its evolutions may be based upon carnivorous pitcher plants, particularly the Nepenthes genus.Bellsprout is a combination of bell (referring to its bell-like head) and sprout (referring to it being relatively young in its evolutionary line).Madatsubomi can be taken to mean  (still [a] flower bud).
49 Bergmite (Japanese:  Kachikru) is an Ice-type Pokemon.It evolves into Avalugg starting at level 37.Bergmite is a small, quadruped Pokemon resembling a small, round ice chunk. Its upper half is slightly transparent, while its lower half is a solid white. It has yellow eyes, lined in purple, and two horn-like protrusion on its scalp. There is another smaller protrusion on its back end, which resembles a tail. It has four stubby, conical legs.Bergmite can summon air of -150 degrees Fahrenheit to freeze its opponents solid. It lives with others of its kind on the tops of mountains, though Bergmite can also be found on the back of its evolved form, Avalugg.Bergmite appears to be based on an iceberg or a stalagmite. Bergmite may represent the tip of the iceberg, which is small compared to the submerged part.Bergmite may be a combination of iceberg, mite (small animal), and possibly stalagmite.Kachikru may be a combination of  kachikachi (onomatopoeic word for frozen stiff),  kooru (to freeze), and  cold.
50 Bibarel (Japanese:  Beadaru) is a dual-type Normal Water Pokemon.It evolves from Bidoof starting at level 15.Bibarel is a bulky, bipedal Pokemon similar to a beaver. Brown fur covers most of this Pokemon with a tan circle on its chest. Its face is covered by a tan mask with a rounded extension over each eye; the male will have an additional extension to the side of each eye. While its forepaws are small and slightly webbed, its hind paws are larger and more rounded. Both sets of paws are black with three toes, but the hind paws have circular, tan paw pads. Bibarel's large, flat tail is black with a tan, wavy marking near the tip. Rounded tufts of fur line each side of its face. Its short, dark brown snout has a small red nose and protruding upper incisors. These teeth are used for chewing trees. This Pokemon is known to be an industrious worker that dams rivers by building its nest. However, a river dammed by Bibarel will never overflow. It is slow moving and awkward out of water, but a swift swimmer.Bibarel appeared in Bibarel Gnaws Best!, under the command of Isis. It refused to help build a bridge because it knew it was structurally unstable.Paul's brother, Reggie, owns a Bibarel which appeared in Lost Leader Strategy!.Bibarel made its anime debut in brief cameos in Following A Maiden's Voyage!, appearing in the wild.A Bibarel made a small appearance in The Rise of Darkrai as one of the Pokemon Darkrai hit with a Dark Void.Multiple Bibarel appeared in a brief cameo in Giratina and the Sky Warrior.Bibarel has made cameo appearances in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin!, A PokeVision of Things to Come!, A Battle by Any Other Name!, and The Cave of Trials!.A Bibarel appeared alongside a nameless Socialite at the Seven Stars Restaurant, along with a Gentleman and his Hippowdon. The quartet battled Diamond's Torterra, Tru, and Pearl's Infernape, Chimler in a Tag Battle.Bibarel is based on a beaver.Bibarel may be a combination of beaver or Biber (German for beaver) and barrel. It may also refer to bib (which is similar to the pattern on Bibarel's front) or a transliteration of  biibaa (beaver).Beadaru is a combination of beaver and  taru (barrel).
51 Bidoof (Japanese:  Bippa) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves into Bibarel starting at level 15.Bidoof is a brown, rodent-like Pokemon with four short legs. It has a short, dark brown snout and a small, red nose. Cream-colored markings cover its underside and surround its face. Round tufts of fur form its tail with five on the male and three on the female. Similar tufts line the bottom of its face and two singular ones form its ears. Bidoof's black paws have three toes with some webbing between them. Protruding from Bidoof's upper jaw are large incisors, which it uses for gnawing on wood and rocks. These teeth grow constantly, so this Pokemon needs to gnaw on hard substances to keep them ground down. This Pokemon can be found nesting in groups near bodies of water. Despite its stout body, this Pokemon can be agile and is not easily perturbed.Many Bidoof appeared in Faced with Steelix Determination where a Steelix terrorized their village after Team Rocket accidentally stuck three shovels into its head. The shovels were removed through the combined efforts of multiple Bidoof, Ash's Staravia, and his Pikachu.A Bidoof appeared in the anime Special Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time & Darkness and Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky - Beyond Time & Darkness as a member of Wigglytuff's Guild.A Bidoof appeared in The Clumsy Crier Quiets the Chaos!.Bidoof made its anime debut in brief cameos in Following A Maiden's Voyage!, appearing in the wild.A Bidoof also appeared in One Big Happiny Family! in Jessie's fantasy.Three Bidoof were also seen under Reggie's care in Lost Leader Strategy!. It made another appearance in Saving the World From Ruins!.Bidoof, with its evolution, made a brief appearance in Giratina and the Sky Warrior.A Bidoof appeared in Camping It Up!.A photo of a Bidoof appeared in The Four Seasons of Sawsbuck!.A Bidoof appeared in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures begin!.A Bidoof appeared in a flashback fantasy in The Forest Champion!.Multiple Bidoof appeared in XY054.Platinum was attacked by a group of Bidoof in the penthouse of a Jubilife hotel that she owned. Diamond was able to figure out a way to stop the attack.Y Shirogane caught a Bidoof when he was training his Pokemon to defeat Shin.Bidoof appears to be based on a beaver, or a gopher. It is particularly similar to the mountain beaver, a primitive relative of beavers lacking tails.Bidoof is a combination of beaver and doofus (slang for a stupid person). It may also be derived from shadoof, a device used in some countries for drawing up water.Bippa is a combination of beaver and  deppa (protruding tooth).
52 Binacle (Japanese:  Kametete) is a dual-type Rock Water Pokemon.It evolves into Barbaracle starting at level 39.Binacle's body resembles a hand. The "arm" is orange with a single white stripe and can stretch and contract at will. The "hand" is brown with three long claws and a face on the "palm" with two round eyes with black pupils, orange puffy cheeks, and no visible mouth. Binacle always live in pairs on one gray rock, when they fight, one of them will move to a different rock. It eats seaweed that washes up on the shoreline.A Binacle appeared in a picture in Battling Into the Hall of Fame!.Binacle seems to be based on the goose barnacle, due to their general shape and use of a connective "stalk" to cling to rocks. Considering it survives together with a second Binacle, it may possibly be a reference to the rarer, same species symbiosis. Considering its hand-like body, and its eyes within its "palms", Binacle may have also been based on the hamsa.Binacle is a combination of the prefix bi- (meaning two) and barnacle. It may also refer to the nautical instrument which held a ship's compass known as a binnacle.Kametete may be a combination of  kame no te (Japanese goose barnacle), tte (French for head), and  te (hand).
53 Bisharp (Japanese:  Kirikizan) is a dual-type Dark Steel Pokemon.It evolves from Pawniard starting at level 52.Bisharp is a bipedal, humanoid Pokemon. It has a round, red and black head, similar to a war helmet, topped with a golden, double-headed axe blade. Its face is primarily yellow with a black outline. The helmet shrouds most of its yellow-and-black face, although its triangular eyes are visible. Resembling shoulder pads, its red shoulders project slightly over its arms and have a thin yellow line where they meet its black torso. It has white, metallic hands that resemble gloves, with retractable, blades attached. Encircling its torso are two blades, which create the impression of a ribcage. Its thighs are red and become progressively thinner as they connect to the knee. Both of its feet are metallic and split down the middle, resembling cloven hooves. These hooves are also similar to steel war boots or possibly leggings. In the wild, Bisharp rules over a pack of Pawniard, and fights other Bisharp to become the alpha of the pack. The loser of these fights is cast out. When hunting, the Pawniard allow the leader Bisharp to perform the finishing blow.Bisharp made its anime debut in Search for the Clubultimate! and A Clubsplosion of Excitement! under Georgia's ownership.A Bisharp appeared in Team Eevee and the Pokemon Rescue Squad!, under the ownership of Davy.A Bisharp appeared in Ash and N: A Clash of Ideals! under the ownership of a Team Plasma Grunt.A Bisharp appeared as a mask for the festival in Capacia Island UFO!.Grimsley has a Bisharp that first appeared with him on Route 4 where it helped him play card flip with the workers there.Fraud, the leader of Great Gavel, has a Bisharp that he can use as his Burst form.It looks and acts similar to a traditional Japanese banditspecifically a leaderwith features resembling samurai armor. It may also originate from kaijin, humanoid villains found in Japanese monster movies.Bisharp is a combination of bishop (a piece in chess) and sharp (describing its metal blades). Akin to Pawniard evolving into Bisharp, a pawn in chess can be promoted into a bishop piece (among other chess pieces classes) if it reaches the opponent's side of the board. It may also involve to bisect (to cut or split into two), referring to Bisharp's cutting abilities. Its name could also refer to the twin blades on its torso (derived from the numerical prefix bi-, meaning "two" in Latin).Kirikizan may be a combination of  kirikizamu (to mince) and  zan (to cut or slay).
54 Blastoise (Japanese:  Kamex) is a Water-type Pokemon.It evolves from Wartortle starting at level 36. It is the final form of Squirtle. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Blastoise using the Blastoisinite.Blastoise is the version mascot of the Japanese and international versions of Pokemon Blue, appearing on the boxart of both.Blastoise is a large, bipedal tortoise-like Pokemon. Its body is dark blue and is mostly hidden by its tough, brown shell. This shell has a pale yellow underside and a white ridge between the upper and lower halves, which also encircles the arms. Two powerful water cannons reside in the top sides of its shell. These cannons can be extended or withdrawn and can be used to assist in high-speed charges. Blastoise's head has triangular ears which are black on the inside, small brown eyes, and a cream-colored lower jaw. Its arms are thick and striated with three claws on each hand. Its feet have three claws on the front and one on the back. It has a stubby tail.As Mega Blastoise, it develops two smaller shells over its arms, each with their own water cannon. The two cannons on its back are replaced by a single, central water cannon of greater size. This cannon extends forward over Mega Blastoise's head and is said to have a blast range of over 6 miles.[1] Its eyes turn red, and its ears angle backwards. It has a small point on its chin.The powerful cannons on this Pokemon's back are capable of producing water blasts that can pierce steel and concrete. Blastoise deliberately makes itself heavy to withstand these powerful blasts, and it will crush its opponents with its bulk. The anime has shown that Blastoise can take the role of a leader in large groups of Squirtle and Wartortle. Its preferred habitat seems to be freshwater ponds and lakes.Gary has a Blastoise that he originally received as a Squirtle from Professor Oak.In Beach Blank-Out Blastoise a Blastoise that was ruling over an island of Squirtle and Wartortle had a Jigglypuff stuck in one its cannons and its song made everyone fall asleep.Neesha, a Trainer who went to New Island in Mewtwo Strikes Back, had a Blastoise named "Shellshocker". It fought with Mewtwo's cloned Blastoise and lost. It was taken away from her by one of Mewtwo's special Poke Balls but was liberated by Ash along with the other confiscated Pokemon. Along with Ash's Charizard and another Trainer's Venusaur, they were the only taken away Pokemon not to be cloned: this could be because Mewtwo didn't need more than one copy of each Pokemon and it already had their clones.Cissy used a Blastoise against Ash and his Lapras in a Wave Race for the Coral-Eye Badge during Fit to be Tide. It reappeared in flashbacks of A Way Off Day Off, 'Hello, Pummelo! and Viva Las Lapras.In The Pokemon Water War, Captain Aidan had a team of Blastoise, Wartortle, and Squirtle that were used to extinguish fires. The team of Blastoise reappeared in a flashback in The Fire-ing Squad!.A Blastoise was one of the Pokemon competing in the Pokemon Sumo Wrestling in Ring Masters. It went up against Raiden's Feraligatr and lost.During One Trick Phony!, Jessie used a Blastoise borrowed from Battle Park against Ash's Pikachu in an elaborate plan to capture it.Lola has a Blastoise which she used it to rescue Flint's Golem after it had fallen into water in A Family That Battles Together Stays Together!.Sid has a Blastoise in Destiny Deoxys.Jimmy's Wartortle evolved into Blastoise in Judgment Day!.In Pokemon Ranger and the Kidnapped Riolu! Part Two, Kellyn had three Blastoise use Rain Dance in order to douse a forest fire that was caused by J's Salamence.A Blastoise and its Mega Evolution appeared in Mega Evolution Special I under the ownership of Siebold.Blastoise first appeared as a giant mechanical Pokemon in Island of the Giant Pokemon.In The Ghost of Maiden's Peak, a Gastly created an illusion of Blastoise in order to frighten Ash's Squirtle. Gastly subsequently combined this Blastoise with an illusionary Venusaur to create a Venustoise, which terrified both Squirtle and Bulbasaur out of battling.The first time a real Blastoise appeared in was in Primeape Goes Bananas. It was in Ash's flashback in an advertisement for the contest in which he won his special hat.A Blastoise appeared in Lights, Camera, Quack-tion, as part of the cast for the movie "Pokemon in Love".Blastoise also appeared in The Power of One.A Blastoise belonging to an unnamed Trainer, appeared in a Hall of Fame photograph in Hello, Pummelo!.A Blastoise appeared in Nurse Joy's poem in Will the Real Oak Please Stand Up?.A Coordinator used a Blastoise in the Verdanturf Contest in Disguise Da Limit.Multiple Blastoise appeared in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew, as part of the feuding armies.A Blastoise is used by one of the students of Pokemon Summer Academy in the first leg of the Pokemon Triathlon in One Team, Two Team, Red Team, Blue Team!.Blue sent out his Blastoise in File 4: Charizard during his battle with Red. It defeated Red's Persian and Jolteon, but lost to his Charizard.Squirtle has two older sisters who are Blastoise. Their names are Kameko and Kamemi and they appear in The Five Sisters of Squirtle. Kameko is the oldest of all of Squirtle's siblings, with Kamemi as the second-oldest.In Pokemon Adventures, one of Green's main Pokemon is a Blastoise nicknamed Blasty, which evolved from Wartortle prior to Zap! Zap! Zapdos! which evolved from the Squirtle she stole from Professor Oak.Blue is shown to have a Blastoise which first appeared in Get The Flying Machine!!. It has been mostly relied on since then.A Blastoise makes its first appearance under the ownership of Misty in Let's Get that Moon Rock!!.Green is also shown with one where it challenges Red to a swimming competition in Part-Time Job At The Swimming Pool!!.A Blastoise is seen with Giovanni and his brother in Pulverize the strongest Pokemon!!.A Blastoise is seen with Red during the curry cooking competition that went on in Curry Showdown! Which is the Most Delicious?.Professor Oak owns a Blastoise which debuted in Save the Pokemon Zoo!!.In Pokemon Zensho, Shigeru's Squirtle eventually evolved into a Blastoise that fought Satoshi's Charizard for the title of Champion of the Pokemon League.Kellyn caught a Blastoise to put out the fire in the Vien Forest in A Fresh Start.One Blastoise figure has been released.When released from a Poke Ball, Blastoise will use Hydro Pump in one direction. Each Pump moves Blastoise backwards slightly making it a danger to those fighting behind it as well. Blastoise's trophy also refers to Blastoise as the 'Definitive Water Type'."Blastoise is the next evolutionary step after Wartortle. The thick jets of water they shoot from the cannons on their backs are strong enough to cut through steel plating. When in danger, they hide inside their armored shells. Blastoise is so popular among Trainers that it's considered the definitive Water-type."Blastoise appears as a trophy in the Wii U version of the game and Mega Blastoise appears as a trophy in the 3DS version. It also appears in the background of Siebold's room in the Kalos Pokemon League., along with Wailord, Piplup, and Clawitzer."On a hot summer day, it's great to cool off by playing in a sprinkler. Don't look to Blastoise as a replacement, thoughthose water jets on its back are extremely powerful and would send you flying. In fact, Blastoise itself is so huge so it doesn't get blown away when it fires. Speaking of fires, Blastoise is better than a fire truck at putting them out!"NA: "Some species of Pokemon living in Kalos have the ability to Mega Evolve, and here's one! Mega Blastoise is a bit bigger than Blastoise, and instead of two cannons on its shell, it has one huge cannon. This may seem like a downgrade, but waitthere are two on its arms! This math is easy: three is better than two."PAL: "Some species of Pokemon living in Kalos have the ability to Mega Evolve, and here's one! Mega Blastoise is a bit bigger than Blastoise, and instead of two cannons on its shell, it has one huge cannon. This may seem like a downgrade, but wait - there are two on its arms, too! Basic arithmetic: three is better than two."Its design appears to be a mix of a sea turtle and a tortoise, further mixed with aspects of a tank. Blastoise's cannons may have been derived from the functioning tubes found in mussels and some other shellfish, thus its species name.Blastoise's name is a combination of blast (referring to its cannons) and tortoise.Kamex comes from the Japanese word  kame (tortoise turtle) and possibly  max (maximum).
55 Blaziken (Japanese:  Bursyamo) is a dual-type Fire Fighting Pokemon.It evolves from Combusken starting at level 36. It is the final form of Torchic. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Blaziken using the Blazikenite.Blaziken is a bipedal, chicken-like Pokemon. The majority of Blaziken's body is red with accents of beige, yellow, and gray. Behind its head, there are beige, hair-like feathers that continue downward and surround its chest and abdomen. It has a small red face with a V-shaped crest on its head. Blaziken's eyes are semicircular with yellow sclera and blue irises, and its mouth is similar to hooked beak. It has featherless, gray hands with three fingers each, and three clawed toes that are not normally visible due to the shaggy, yellow feathers on the bottom of its legs. A female has a shorter mask and hair than a male.Blaziken has strong, muscular legs that give it great lower body strength. This lower body strength helps its kicking and jumping abilities. Blaziken's wrists have gray wristband-like markings capable of producing a tuft of fire above them. Blaziken can also make flames spout from its ankles. This allows it to cloak its feet or fists, and it uses these abilities while practicing a form of martial art. These combined abilities allow it to use its former signature move, Blaze Kick. Its flames burn more intensely when it faces stronger opponents. Every several years, its old feathers burn off, and new, supple feathers grow back in their place.As Mega Blaziken, it loses its yellow markings, and gains black markings on its upper legs and chest. Its hair-like feathers take on a wing-like shape and point upward, and the portion around its chest is rough around its shoulders. The crest on its head changes into a flat horn that curves backward. The fire it creates on its wrists is now longer as well. When Blaziken Mega Evolves into Mega Blaziken, it further hones the power of its kicks, always a source of pride to it. As it unleashes a flurry of savage kicks, its legs can begin to burn from the friction of the surrounding atmosphere.[1]As Mega Blazikens body temperature increases, its power and speed continue to ramp up.Blaziken was first seen in Pop Goes The Sneasel. Harrison used it to defeat the Sneasel that was blocking access to the flame of Ho-Oh. Harrison later used Blaziken in a climactic battle with Ash's Charizard.In Once More with Reeling, May's Combusken evolved into a Blaziken. She brought it with her to Johto, and it was one of the Pokemon she used when she returned in A Full Course Tag Battle!.A Blaziken was also seen in Destiny Deoxys under the ownership of Rafe.Its Mega Evolution debuted in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin!. It has continued to appear throughout the series, mostly within Lumiose City, but also in Mega-Mega Meowth Madness! where its trainer, Blaziken Mask, is revealed to be Meyer in disguise.A Blaziken appeared in The Cave of Trials! under the ownership of Korrina's grandfather Gurkinn.Another Blaziken that can Mega Evolve into Mega Blaziken is set to appear in SS031.Another Blaziken appeared in Last Call  First Round!. It was used with a Sceptile in a coordinator's appeal.A Blaziken appeared in Alexa's magazine in The Journalist from Another Region!.A Blaziken that can Mega Evolve into Mega Blaziken appeared in Mega Evolution Special I.Sapphire owned a Combusken that evolved into Blaziken in I Dare Ya, Altaria... Knock Chic off My Shoulder when she met up with Winona. Although it was unable to win the battle even with its increased power, subsequent training allowed it to earn Sapphire the Badge and back Archie and Maxie's Pokemon into a corner twice.In the Emerald chapter, Sapphire used Blaziken to fight her way into the top floor of the Battle Tower.A Blaziken appeared in Rare Pokemon!!.Blaziken appears as a trophy."A Blaze Pokemon. When up against a tough opponent, it fights a spirited battle and shoots white-hot flames from its wrists. The stronger the foe, the more intense the flames from its wrists. Blaziken also uses a combination of punches and kicks to leave targets in scorched ruin, and its strong legs allow it to easily leap over 30-story buildings."Blaziken is probably based on a cockfighting chicken, specifically the Japanese Shamo chicken breed known for its mane and upright posture. The feathery legs resemble those of a Cochin chicken. It bears resemblance to Horus and Ra, two anthropomorphic ancient Egyptian deities with hawk heads. Blaziken may also be based on the Basan, a fire-breathing chicken, or possibly the karura. It is somewhat based on the mythical phoenix, as its feathers burn off every few years. It may also draw inspiration from the taimatsu-maru, creatures that resembled raptors or tengu and trailed flames.Blaziken is a combination of blaze and chicken.Bursyamo may be a combination of burst or burn and  shamo, a breed of Japanese chicken once raised for fighting.
56 Blissey (Japanese:  Happinas) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves from Chansey when leveled up with high friendship. It is the final form of Happiny.Blissey has a large, ovoid body with a pink upper body and white lower body. It has hair-like curls on either side of its head. Blissey can use this fluffy fur to sense sadness. White, wing-like tufts grow from its hips and shoulders, creating the impression of a dress. A small, pink pouch on its belly holds a single egg. Eating this egg brings feelings of happiness and make the person pleasant and caring. Its stubby arms and feet are pink and lack any digits. A compassionate Pokemon, it will rush to anyone feeling sad or ill and attempt to nurse him or her back to health. Its evolutionary line is the only one capable of learning Soft-Boiled. Blissey is a female-only species with no male counterpart. An urban Pokemon, it is rarely seen in the wild.Blissey first appeared in Ignorance is Blissey where she emerged as a friend of Jessie's from their time at Nursing School.Another Blissey made an appearance in Uncrushing Defeat! where she was found working in the Pokemon Center near Lake Acuity to help treat Ash's injured Pokemon.A Blissey made a brief appearance in Tricks of the Trade and Power Play!.Blissey debuted in Murkrow Row where she was seen as one of the Pokemon in Joey's bag after Gold helped him get it back.A Blissey captured by Crystal and lent to Emerald for his Pike challenge appeared in the 27th volume. With her high Special Defense aided by a suitable nature served much use for the boy, and though she was eventually defeated, she was able to revitalize another borrowed Pokemon, a Rapidash, using Softboiled, with which the queen's Seviper was defeated by a devastating Overheat, winning him the match.Cheryl has a Blissey which was used against Mira and her Alakazam in VS. Lopunny.Blissey appears to be based on a nurse, specifically sharing some physical similarities with Nurse Joy from the anime in both color and hair. Its tendency to carry eggs in a pouch is much like a monotreme or marsupial, but may also simply be based on a general concept of females and motherhood.Blissey is a combination of bliss (happiness) and the suffix -sey from Chansey, its pre-evolution.Happinas may be a corruption of happiness, or a combination of happiness and nurse. It may also involve  nasu (eggplant), referring to the egg theme of this evolutionary line.
57 Blitzle (Japanese:  Shimama) is an Electric-type Pokemon.It evolves into Zebstrika starting at level 27.Blitzle is a black, zebra-like Pokemon with thick, double-pointed white stripes on its neck, chest, back, and hind legs. It has a rounded muzzle with a large, dark nose and oval, blue eyes with yellow sclera. On top of its head are short, triangular ears with blue insides. Below the knees, its legs are white with black hooves. Its tail is stubby, white, and has two points. Running up its neck is a spiky, white mane, which culminates at the front in a long extension that resembles a lightning bolt. This mane captures and stores electricity, which flashes whenever this Pokemon discharges energy. It communicates with other members of its species by controlling the rhythm and frequency of these flashes. During lightning storms, Blitzle ventures out to recharge its mane with lightning bolts.Blitzle made its debut appearance in Oshawott's Lost Scalchop! under the ownership of Stephan. It battled against Ash's Oshawott and caused him to lose his scalchop. They later had a rematch where it was defeated.A Blitzle appeared in WhiteVictini and Zekrom and BlackVictini and Reshiram under the ownership of Luisa.Multiple Blitzle appeared in The Lonely Deino! under the care of a Day Care owner named Bobby.Blitzle has made cameo appearances in Lost at the Stamp Rally!, The Mighty Accelguard to the Rescue!, Stopping the Rage of Legends! Part 1, Battling the Bully!, Cilan Takes Flight!, Climbing the Tower of Success!, The Clubsplosion Begins!, Clash of the Connoisseurs!, Crisis at the Ferroseed Research!, Rocking at the Virbank Gym! Part 1, and All for the Love of Meloetta!.A photo of a Blitzle appeared in The Four Seasons of Sawsbuck!.Multiple Blitzle appeared in Team Eevee and the Pokemon Rescue Squad! where they were in a ranch in Virgil's house.Two Blitzle appeared in a flashback in Team Plasma's Pokemon Power Plot!.A Hiker named Andy uses a Blitzle during his Triple Battle with Black. However, it was defeated after Andy became dehydrated.Elesa has a Zebstrika that she has owned since she was young and it was a Blitzle.Blitzle resembles a zebra foal and may be based on two of Helios's steeds that pulled his chariot, Bronte and Sterope, which are Greek for thunder and lightning, respectively.Blitzle is derived from blitz (German for lightning). Le may derive from little.Shimama is a corruption of  shimauma (zebra).
58 Boldore (Japanese:  Gantle) is a Rock-type Pokemon.It evolves from Roggenrola starting at level 25 and evolves into Gigalith when traded.Boldore is a blue rock-like Pokemon with an array of red crystals on its back and front, and a spine protruding from between its yellow ears. Rocky chunks at its sides comprise pincer-like limbs, tipped with red crystals similar to the ones on its back. Its orange crystal is the hardened form of its endlessly leaking energy. The crystal shines brightly when its power rises. It searches for underground wells in the caves where it lives.Ash's Roggenrola evolved into Boldore in Battling the King of the Mines! during his battle against Clay.A Boldore made a cameo appearance in Cilan Takes Flight!.In Challenge the Battle Subway!, it was revealed that Monta's Roggenrola had evolved into a Boldore. He used his newly-evolved Pokemon in the Battle Subway.Cheren was shown to have a Boldore in the Unova Pokemon League where it evolved into a Gigalith.Rend had a Boldore he can use as a Burst form, but he gave the Burst Heart to Ryouga after he finished his training.Evolves into Gigalith when it has a link of 60% or higher, after knocking out a Warrior's Pokemon in a manner that allows recruitmentBoldore appears to be based on a geode. It also has some aspects of a crab.Boldore may be combination of boulder and ore; it may also be a corruption of boulder. It may also derive from bold (outstanding or large).Gantle may be a combination of  gan (rock) and mantle.
59 Bonsly (Japanese:  Usohachi) is a Rock-type baby Pokemon.It evolves into Sudowoodo when leveled up while knowing Mimic.Bonsly is a round, brown Pokemon with the top of its head resembling a club (). A rim goes around the middle of its body. There are three yellow spots on its face, two of which surround its eyes, which are small black dots. It has short legs and toeless feet. Bonsly also has a hole on its rear similar to the draining hole of a flowerpot.Bonsly is a good mimic, making it often mistaken for a real bonsai tree. It can remain in the same spot for a long time. It also has a habit of crying, not because it is sad or needing attention, but rather it is due to excess moisture in its body. It prefers dry areas, but it isn't uncommon to see one in a garden. As suggested by Brock's Bonsly, a very young Bonsly needs to be bottle-fed but can eat solid food when it matures.In From Cradle to Save, Brock captured a baby Bonsly and took care of it. It evolved into Sudowoodo in Leave it To Brocko!.A Bonsly followed Ash and his friends on their mission to rescue Pikachu in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew.In King and Queen for a Day, a Bonsly and Mime Jr. that were stars of a television show went missing and were discovered to be sick when they were found, so Brock's Bonsly and James's Mime Jr. had to fill in for them.A wild Bonsly appeared in PK15. It joins with Pikachu and the other Pokemon on the trip to the haunted house.Another Bonsly appeared in The Fleeing Tower of Sunyshore!.A Bonsly appeared in Forging Forest Friendships!.A Bonsly appears under the ownership of a female Pokefan in the Platinum chapter.Hareta has a Bonsly which he caught it in Team Galactic's Greatest Warrior.Bonsly appears in the first chapter of Pocket Monsters DP.Bonsly appears in Super Smash Bros. Brawl as a Poke Ball Pokemon. Once released, characters can pick it up and throw it at other players. Due to its weight, characters holding it can only move very slowly and it can't be thrown very far, but a direct hit does massive damage and can result in a knockout within two hits (at 0% damage)."A Bonsai Pokemon. It looks like a plant, but history reveals it is actually a Rock-type. Its best move among all its specialty moves is Fake Tears. As it grows, it will be skilled at using Mimic, which allows it to copy an opponent's previous move. If leveled up under certain conditions, it evolves into Sudowoodo."Note: Through the use of cheating, players can obtain a Bonsly in Pokemon XD: Gale of Darkness. However since it cannot learn any moves, it is almost unusable, unless one were to cheat to give it moves.Note that, while Bonsly appears in Pokemon XD: Gale of Darkness during Generation III, it is incapable of learning any moves in any way. As such, it is not recognized as having a Generation III learnset. In Battle Bingo, it has only the attack Rock Slide.It may be based on petrified wood, plants which have become fossilized over time, placed into a flowerpot. Similarly, it may simply be modeled on the bonsai tree itself.Bonsly is a combination of bonsai (miniature tree) and sly or lie.Usohachi is a combination of  uso (false) and  hachi (flowerpot). It may be a play on  usoppachi (downright lie).
60 Bouffalant (Japanese:  Buffron) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon.Bouffalant is a bovine Pokemon with a large, dark afro on its head. Two large, curving horns, each with two golden growths resembling rings, protrude from the afro. It has a shaggy brown hide that ends at its knees and does not cover its face. A large, gray nose sits at the end of its short, beige snout, and its yellow eyes are partly hidden by its hair. There are black tear markings directly below its eyes. Each of its beige legs has a single, gray hoof and its tail ends in a stubby tuft of fur. A territorial Pokemon, it will headbutt anyone that attempts to invade its territory. However, in the anime, it has been known not to attack those with an afro hairstyle. Protected by its afro, which absorbs damage, its headbutts are strong enough to derail a train and send it flying. Bouffalant is the only known Pokemon to learn Head Charge.Alder's Bouffalant made its debut in Ash and Trip's Third Battle!. It was shown battling in a flashback of Trip's past and inspired him to become a Pokemon Trainer. It returned in Ash Versus the Champion! where it faced Pikachu in a battle with Ash. Alder fell asleep during the battle, resulting in no winner.A herd of Bouffalant appeared in Baffling the Bouffalant!. They attacked anyone in their territory who wasn't wearing an afro.A herd of Bouffalant were seen in WhiteVictini and Zekrom.A Bouffalant appeared in A Maractus Musical!, where it was part of a Pokemon Musical show alongside an Elgyem.A photo of a Bouffalant appeared in The Four Seasons of Sawsbuck!.Multiple Bouffalant appeared in Team Eevee and the Pokemon Rescue Squad! where they were in a ranch in Virgil's house.Dol has a Bouffalant which battled alongside his Swoobat in a Double Battle against Monta.Alder has a Bouffalant which was first seen carrying him over the water to take him to Nimbasa City.A Bouffalant appears as the Burst form of Afron.Bouffalant is based on a buffalo, particularly an American bison. However, the horns more closely resemble those of the African buffalo or Bison latifrons. The fur on its head resembles an afro.Bouffalant is a combination of bouffant and buffalo. It may also involve gallant.Buffron is a combination of buffalo, afro, and bison.
61 Braixen (Japanese:  Tairenar) is a Fire-type Pokemon.It evolves from Fennekin starting at level 16 and evolves into Delphox starting at level 36.Braixen is a bipedal, fox-like Pokemon. While the majority of its fur is yellow, it has black legs, white arms, face and neck, and a dark orange tail tip. The fur on its cheeks is longer, and a small mane of white fur covers its shoulders and chest. Long, wavy tufts of dark orange fur grow out of its large ears, and its eyes and small nose match this fur in color. Above its legs, the fur sweeps out to either side. When its mouth is open, two pointed teeth can be seen on its upper jaw. Braixen always keeps a stick in its tail, which it sets alight using its bushy tail fur. The flame from the lit twig is used for both attack and communication.Braixen made its debut in Day Three Blockbusters!, under the ownership of Aria. It is revealed to have evolved from Fennekin.Braixen is based on a Fennec fox. It also has some witch-like traits, such as the use of its stick as a wand and broomstick-like tail.Braixen may be a combination of braise (French for hot charcoal) and vixen (female fox). It may also be an allusion to bruxa (Portuguese for witch).Tairenar may be a combination of  tail and  renard (French for fox).
62 Braviary (Japanese:  Warrgle) is a dual-type Normal Flying Pokemon.It evolves from Rufflet starting at level 54.Braviary is a large, avian Pokemon with dark red feathers on its back and dark blue feathers on its underside. Its tail feathers are red, turning to yellow, and then blue at the tips. Braviary's legs are long and thick with yellow feet that each have a digit facing backward, and three facing forward. Each digit is tipped by a short, thick, black claw.Braviary has a long, thick beak with a blue cere. On either side of the cere are Braviary's eyes, which are black with small white pupils. Sprouting from above the eyes are three large, white feathers. At the base of the feathers is a red, three-pointed design that is spread across all three feathers. On each side of Braviary's face, sprouting out from behind the feathers on its forehead, are an additional three white feathers pointing horizontally and downward. Behind the three feathers on its head is a large plume of white feathers, extending most of the way down its neck. These features combined resemble a Native American war bonnet.Braviary is extremely aggressive, but for noble reasons. It will fight fiercely to help and protect its friends. Even if injured, it will still fight. The more scars it has, the more respect it gets from its peers. It has earned the nickname "soldier of the sky" due to its extreme dedication for its friends. Aiding its valiance, Braviary is extremely strong, capable of lifting a car and flying with it.A Braviary made its TV debut in A Surface to Air Tag Battle Team! under the ownership of Soren.A Braviary appeared competing in the Unova League in Curtain Up, Unova League!. It was used by Radley, but was defeated by Stephan's Zebstrika.A Braviary appeared in Saving Braviary!. Ash, Iris, Cilan, and N helped it escape from the Plasma Grunts Schwarz and Weiss.Braviary made his first appearance in WhiteVictini and Zekrom and BlackVictini and Reshiram.Black owns a Braviary named Brav. Brav is strong and can lift Black into the sky with ease, making him useful for flying purposes.A Braviary appears as the Burst form of Eurou.Braviary is based on an eagle, specifically the Bald Eagle. Some of its physical characteristics, such as the fully-feathered legs and the light-colored "crown" on its nape, are reminiscent of a Golden Eagle. It also has feathers on its head that resemble war bonnets. Some species of eagle, such as the Philippine Eagle, possess a similar crest. Its color scheme and basis suggest it is inspired by the Star-Spangled Banner, the flag of the United States of America, which is red, white, and blue and the national symbol of which is the Bald Eagle. It also resembles a Native American warrior.According to interviews with Ken Sugimori in Nintendo Dream, Rufflet and Braviary were added early into the development of Black and White.Braviary is a corruption of bravery and a combination of brave and aviary. "Home of the brave" is a lyric found in the "The Star-Spangled Banner", the national anthem of the United States. Brave may also refer to the term used for Native American warriors, as in some native tribes, the eagle is a sacred animal.Warrgle is a combination of war or warrior and eagle. It may also involve warble, a sound a bird makes.
63 Breloom (Japanese:  Kinogassa) is a dual-type Grass Fighting Pokemon.It evolves from Shroomish starting at level 23.Breloom is a bipedal mushroom and kangaroo-like Pokemon. It has a mushroom-like green cap on its head with visible gills and a round, berry or oak gall-like growth on both sides. Its head, neck, and tail are tan. Its mouth is beak-like, and there is a petal-like arrangement of extensions from its shoulders. Its chest and lower body is green, and its feet and hands have two red claws each. At the end of its tail, there are seed clusters made of hardened toxic spores, which are horrible to eat. It has short arms that can stretch and be used to deliver fast punches. Its technique is equal to that of professional boxers. It prefers to live in warm and humid forests, where it feeds on trees and plants.The first major role Breloom had was in A Shroomish Skirmish. Ash and his friends were being attacked by Breloom that had evolved from Shroomish and were mad at Team Rocket for stealing their food. May's newly evolved Combusken took on the leader Breloom in a vicious hand-to-hand fight and suddenly declared a truce between them, saving the day.Kenny has a Breloom that first appeared in Journey to the Unown!, where it was used in battle against Ash's Turtwig. In Team Shocker!, its performance in the Appeals Round of the Solaceon Town Pokemon Contest advanced Kenny to the Contest Battles.Breloom's first appearance was a cameo in the first Advanced Generation series movie, Jirachi: Wish Maker. The Mushroom Pokemon was one of the residents of Forina, Jirachi's home.A Breloom made an appearance by the beginning of Where's Armaldo?.Breloom had another cameo in Numero Uno Articuno as a Pokemon belonging to Noland.A Breloom appeared in Pasta la Vista!, under the ownership of the Fighting Dojo.A Breloom briefly appeared in May, We Harley Drew'd Ya! under the ownership of an unknown Coordinator.A Breloom was battled by Ash and Pikachu during the tournament in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew.Some Breloom made a cameo in the opening to Giratina and the Sky Warrior.Breloom appeared in Zoroark: Master of Illusions as a few of the many local Pokemon who lives in Crown City. Two Breloom worked with the other Pokemon in surrounding Zorua to attack him, angry at Zorua for what Zoroark did to the city. Before a fight broke out, the Breloom, along with the other Pokemon, were calmed by Celebi.A Breloom appeared in Mewtwo  Prologue to Awakening.A group of Breloom also appeared in Genesect and the Legend Awakened battling the Genesect Army at Pokemon Hills.Breloom made its debut in Brushing Past Breloom where a wild one attacked Norman, only to be quickly beaten unconscious by his Vigoroth's Aerial Ace.It also made a brief appearance in VS Vileplume II under the ownership of Pokemon Ranger Masaharu. However, it was no match for Emerald's Dusclops.Breloom is based on a mushroom and its body structure resembles that of a kangaroo. The shapes of its head and tail resemble that of the armored dinosaurs, Pachycephalosaurus and Ankylosaurus, respectively.Breloom may be a combination of umbrella and mushroom. In Latin, bellum means war, perhaps a nod to its Fighting type.Kinogassa may be a combination of  kinoko (mushroom) and  kasa (umbrella).
64 Bronzong (Japanese:  Dohtakun) is a dual-type Steel Psychic Pokemon.It evolves from Bronzor starting at level 33.Bronzong is a large Pokemon resembling a blue-green bell with two arms coming out of its sides. It has a hollow body and a yoke attached at the top. Its face can be best described as being a "Totem Pole" design; Bronzong has two round, red eyes with blue-green irises and a rectangular mouth with one visible row of square teeth. It has several darker, rectangular markings on its body. It can summon rain clouds, which earned it the nickname "bringer of plentiful harvests". The first known Bronzong was dug up at a construction site.Lucian's Bronzong appeared in An Elite Meet and Greet! where it gave Dawn's Buizel its first defeat. It was later seen in Top-Down Training where it was defeated by Cynthia's Garchomp.A Bronzong under the control of Marcus appeared in Arceus and the Jewel of Life.Another Bronzong appeared in Old Rivals, New Tricks!.A Bronzong appeared in An Old Family Blend!.Marcus's Bronzong appears in the manga adaptation of Arceus and the Jewel of Life. It, along with Heatran, is a loyal servant of Marcus.Byron uses two Bronzong in tandem. Thinking that Platinum and her friends were villains, he attacked the trio, but both Bronzong were defeated by Platinum's Ponyta.Saturn uses his Bronzong against Byron to prevent the Gym Leader from interfering with his capture of Azelf. While it defeated the Gym Leader, it fell to Hareta and his Riolu.Shin has a Bronzong which was first seen in the beginning chapter of the series.Bronzong is based on a dtaku, Japanese bells which were believed to have been used to pray for good harvests. They are often decorated with patterns representing nature and were buried, occasionally with bronze mirrors and weapons, in isolated locations. Bronzong and the fact that it evolves from Bronzor also seems to be based on an old Japanese myth present in the book Kwaidan: Stories and Studies of Strange Things by Lafcadio Hearn. The priests of Mugenyama wanted to forge a bell for their temple, so they asked the local women to donate their bronze mirrors for this purpose. A woman contributed her mirror, but later regretted it. Because of her repentance, the mirror wouldn't melt in the furnace until she killed herself. Before her suicide, she said that whoever would break the bell would be given great wealth by her ghost. A multitude of people tried to break the bell by ringing it furiously, so the tired priests managed to roll it down a hill into a swamp. Additionally, Bronzong's facial features resemble those of the Mesoamerican rain god Tlaloc, who is often depicted as being predominantly cyan in color. In Mexico City, which is located on the site of the former capital of the Aztec empire, artifacts are often discovered during construction-related excavation, which Bronzong's Pokedex entry in Pokemon Diamond may reference.Bronzong is a combination of bronze and gong (a type of musical percussion instrument) or dong (onomatopoeia for deep bell reverberation).Dohtakun is a combination of  dtaku (bronze bell) and  dondon (onomatopoeia for drumming).
65 Bronzor (Japanese:  Dohmirror) is a dual-type Steel Psychic Pokemon.It evolves into Bronzong starting at level 33.Bronzor is a flat, circular, blue-green Pokemon. Six dark blue spheres bulge from its rim. It has two round, yellow eyes and a large nose-like sphere surrounded by four small circles in its center. A crest resembling an herb or branch is on its back. This crest is said to possess a mysterious power. It was first seen in ancient tombs; objects resembling this Pokemon have been found in tombs as well. Scientists believe Bronzor used to be reflective, and have tried x-raying its body. The x-rays revealed nothing of its structure, however.Bronzor made its anime debut in Journey to the Unown!, where it appeared under the ownership of Saturn. It appeared again in Losing Its Lustrous and Double Team Turnover!. In the same episode it was revealed that one was also owned by Mars. Both, however, were easily defeated by Cynthia's Garchomp.In Dealing With Defensive Types! it was used by Byron in a Gym battle against Ash.A Bronzor belonging to Karl appeared in Zoroark: Master of Illusions.Bronzor first appeared in the movie The Rise of Darkrai, where it was battling a Gible.Bronzor appears in the The Rise of Darkrai manga adaptation.Bronzor appears in Pokemon Adventures, in the Diamond & Pearl chapter, as one of Mars's Pokemon. She used it to attack the manager of the Valley Windworks and hold him hostage. When he managed to use his Drifloon to call for help, she tried to have her Zubat bite him in the neck. After growing bored as she always does, she had it use Sandstorm and left with an electricity-generating wind turbine.Bronzor is one of the Pokemon Byron uses in his Gym battle with Hareta.Mars used a Bronzor during the raid of the Veilstone Game Corner.A Bronzor appears in Pocket Monsters DP under the ownership of Mars, similar to other media she appeared in.Bronzor is based on a  dky, or bronze mirror.Bronzor is a combination of bronze and mirror.Dohmirror is a combination of  dky (steel mirror) and mirror.
66 Budew (Japanese:  Subomie) is a dual-type Grass Poison baby Pokemon.It evolves into Roselia when leveled up with high friendship during the day, which evolves into Roserade when exposed to a Shiny Stone.Budew is a bipedal, rosebud-like Pokemon. Its face is yellow with small, slit-like eyes. It appears to be wearing a green bib, and has and triangular, stubby yellow feet. When the two vines that are on top of its head open up, a big spot can be seen on each. One vine has a blue spot, while the other has a red spot. It keeps its buds closed during the cold winter, but opens them again in the spring and releases pollen. The pollen it scatters induces harsh sneezing and runny noses. It lives near clean pools and ponds.Budew made its first major appearance in Dawn of a New Era!. It was owned by a minstrel called Nando and used in battle against Dawn's Piplup and Ash's Pikachu. It evolved into Roselia in the second battle. It later evolved into Roserade prior to Coming Full-Festival Circle!.Another appeared in Oh Do You Know The Poffin Plan! in Forsythia's flashback, which later became her Roserade.Budew first appeared briefly in Following A Maiden's Voyage!.Several Budew made an appearance in The Rise of Darkrai.A Budew was also seen under Reggie's care in Lost Leader Strategy!.It also appeared in Pokemon Ranger and the Kidnapped Riolu! Part One.A Budew appeared in Stopped in the Name of Love!.Another Budew appeared in Sliding Into Seventh!.A Budew appeared in the opening of Arceus and the Jewel of Life.A Budew appeared in XY057.Budew appears in Passing by Probopass and Maneuvering around Magnezone under the ownership of a Trainer. Another Budew briefly appears in A Skuffle with Skorupi where Platinum tries to catch one, but fails at the last second.A Budew appears in The Mystery Boy, Jun!! where Hareta tries to catch one so he can get more Pokemon with him.Budew makes a minor appearance in the manga adaptation of Pokemon Ranger: Shadows of Almia. Like in the game, Budew is Crawford's partner.Budew is based on a rose bud.Budew is a combination of bud and dew.Subomie is a corruption of  tsubomi (flower bud).
67 Buizel (Japanese:  Buoysel) is a Water-type Pokemon.It evolves into Floatzel starting at level 26.Buizel is an orange Pokemon resembling a weasel and a sea otter. The yellow collar that surrounds its neck can be inflated and used as a flotation device when it inhales. By inflating this sac, it can keep its face above water to watch for prey movement. It has two blue fins on its arms and a tail, which appears to be split, that resembles a fish's fin. Its tail acts as a boat propeller by spinning, though it was seen flying using its tail. There are parallel marks on their cheeks. Additionally, Buizel has cream paw pads on its feet. On its back, it has one cream spot if it is female or two if it is male. It is most likely found in or near swift-moving rivers. Though it is unknown what diet Buizel follows, it was shown in the anime eating Oran Berries.Dawn caught a male Buizel in Buizel Your Way Out of This. In Throwing the Track Switch, she traded him for Ash's Aipom because Buizel was more interested in Gym battles than Contests.In Buizel's debut, it is one of the Pokemon owned by a family traveling circus performers during the movie, Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea. It wasn't seen performing with them; however, it was treated more like a pet.Buizel makes an appearance in Pikachu's Island Adventure as one of the Pokemon who helps to save a playground that Meowth took over.Soren caught a Buizel in A Surface to Air Tag Battle Team!.A Buizel was seen competing in the Jubilife City Pokemon Contest in Mounting a Coordinator Assault!.A Buizel appeared as a plush toy in A Jolting Switcheroo!.Pearl captured a Buizel, however, it is very disobedient, having grown distrustful of humans after the Galactic Bomb dried up its home.Earlier, Uji had a Buizel before being vanquished.Buizel makes a cameo appearance in a Super Contest.Ash's Buizel makes an appearance as a member of Dawn's team in the manga adaptation of The Rise of Darkrai.Buizel seems to be based on a weasel, as well as a river otter.Buizel and Buoysel are a combination of buoy, buoyant and weasel.
68 Bulbasaur (Japanese:  Fushigidane) is a dual-type Grass Poison Pokemon.It evolves into Ivysaur starting at level 16, which evolves into Venusaur starting at level 32.Along with Charmander and Squirtle, Bulbasaur is one of three starter Pokemon of Kanto available at the beginning of Pokemon Red, Green, Blue, FireRed, and LeafGreen.Bulbasaur is a small, quadruped Pokemon with green to bluish-green skin and dark patches. It has red eyes with white pupils and sclera and pointed, ear-like structure on top of its head. Its snout is short and blunt, and it has a wide mouth. A pair of small, pointed teeth visible in the upper jaw when its mouth is open. Each of its thick legs ends with three sharp claws. On its back is a green plant bulb, which is grown from a seed planted there at birth. The bulb provides it with energy through photosynthesis as well as from the nutrient-rich seeds contained within.As mentioned in the anime, starter Pokemon are raised by Breeders to be distributed to new Trainers. Having been domesticated from birth, Bulbasaur is regarded as both a rare and well-behaved Pokemon. It is known to be extremely loyal, even after long-term abandonment. Bulbasaur has also shown itself to be an excellent caretaker, even having a special technique called the "Bulba-by." To perform this technique, Bulbasaur uses its vines to pick up a young Pokemon and soothingly rocks the young one in the air.It is found in grasslands and forests throughout the Kanto region. However, due to Bulbasaur's status as starter Pokemon, it is hard to come by in the wild and generally found under the ownership of a Trainer. It has been observed that a Bulbasaur's bulb will flash blue when it is ready to evolve. If it does not want to evolve, it struggles to resist the transformation. Many Bulbasaur gather every year in a hidden garden in Kanto to become Ivysaur in a ceremony led by a Venusaur.Ash's Bulbasaur debuted in Bulbasaur and the Hidden Village as one of the Pokemon in the Hidden Village. Though initially wary of Ash, the two eventually warmed up to one another, and Bulbasaur challenged him to a battle. Using Pikachu, Ash won the battle, and Bulbasaur was captured. Unlike Charmander and Squirtle, which were captured in the two episodes following that of Bulbasaur, Bulbasaur remained in Ash's party until Bulbasaur... the Ambassador!, when Ash sent him to Professor Oak's lab to work as an ambassador between otherwise argumentative groups of Pokemon.Much later on, when Ash was traveling in the Hoenn region, his companion May captured her own Bulbasaur after being separated from the group in Grass Hysteria!. It remained with her throughout the rest of her journey in Hoenn, helping her to compete in the regional Grand Festival. When she traveled to Kanto to continue her journey with Ash in The Right Place and the Right Mime, May, too, left her Bulbasaur at Professor Oak's lab to learn from Ash's while she and Ash's group traveled throughout the Battle Frontier in Kanto. May retrieved it during her travels in Johto, where it evolved all the way into a Venusaur.A Bulbasaur that used to belong to the Mayor of Trovitopolis appeared in The Mystery Menace. In his childhood, the mayor abandoned his Bulbasaur and sent it into the sewers when it wouldn't evolve into Ivysaur. Aided by Misty and Tracey, Ash found the abandoned Bulbasaur while searching for his own, which had gone missing. After defeating the arrogant mayor and his personal SWAT team, Ash and company left the Bulbasaur, which had grown rather large in its time in the sewers, with Nurse Joy.In Journey to the Starting Line, Gilbert, the son of the mayor of Pallet Town, was supposed to start his journey as a Pokemon Trainer with one of the three Kanto starter Pokemon, but they were scared off by Ash's Tauros. Professor Oak, Tracey, Delia, and Gilbert set out to find them. The Bulbasaur was the last one to be found and it was stuck in a tree that was surrounded by a group of Primeape. In the end, Bulbasaur was the one that Gilbert decided to start with.One also appeared in Meloetta's Moonlight Serenade.A Bulbasaur appeared in Summer of Discovery!, under the ownership of Shauna.Bulbasaur was mentioned in the first episode of the anime, Pokemon - I Choose You!, as one of the three starter Pokemon new Trainers in Pallet Town can choose from. Ash dreamed of owning one, and it was his second choice of a starter, after Squirtle. However, when he arrived at Oak's lab, it was too late, as an unnamed Trainer who started the same day had already taken it.Multiple Bulbasaur appeared in Battle Aboard the St. Anne.A Bulbasaur also appeared in Pokemon Fashion Flash and The Breeding Center Secret.A Bulbasaur under the ownership of an unknown Trainer, appeared in Friends to the End, during the closing ceremonies of the Indigo League.A picture of a Bulbasaur appeared in Hocus Pokemon.A Bulbasaur was used by one of the students of the Pokemon Trainer's School in Gonna Rule The School!.A Bulbasaur appeared in the opening of Jirachi: Wish Maker.A Bulbasaur was one of the starter Pokemon at Professor Oak's Laboratory in The Right Place and the Right Mime.A Bulbasaur made a brief appearance under the ownership of a Trainer in the Lily of the Valley Conference in An Old Family Blend!.A Bulbasaur appeared in The Fires of a Red-Hot Reunion!.A Bulbasaur appeared in Alexa's magazine in The Journalist from Another Region!.A Bulbasaur appeared as a plush toy in A Jolting Switcheroo!.Bulbasaur was one of the Pokemon that Professor Oak was giving away in File 1: Red.Ash's Bulbasaur appeared in Do Your Best Bulbasaur!!.Ash's Bulbasaur appears in The Electric Tale of Pikachu, first appearing in the eighth chapter, You Gotta Have Friends. Bulbasaur's capture is not shown; it is simply stated when it first appears from its Poke Ball that "Ash has been busy since the last comic".In I'm Your Venusaur, Ash and Misty travel to a town inhabited by many Bulbasaur, Ivysaur and Venusaur. There is a local legend that a giant Venusaur saved the townsfolk in battle.In Magical Pokemon Journey, Pistachio's Bulbasaur has a crush on him and is extremely jealous whenever she sees him talking to other females.In the Red, Green & Blue chapter, Red receives a Bulbasaur from Professor Oak in Bulbasaur, Come Home! after helping capture all the Pokemon he accidentally set free. Bulbasaur, now named Saur, has since evolved into Ivysaur, and then to Venusaur. It has also been shown in the manga that Bulbasaur has the ability to suck in large amounts of air through its bulb, as seen in That Awful Arbok! where it sucked up the mist in Pokemon Tower as well as the Gastly that made it.Another Bulbasaur appeared as a silhouette when Green explains about Mew in The Jynx Jinx.Professor Sycamore owns a Bulbasaur in PAXY04.Bulbasaur appears in the very first chapter as one of the starter Pokemon Professor Oak was giving away.Bulbasaur appeared as one of the starter Pokemon Professor Oak was giving away in the very first chapter.One Bulbasaur figure has been released.Bulbasaur appears as a random trophy.Bulbasaur is a cute Pokemon born with a large seed firmly affixed to its back; the seed grows in size as the Pokemon does. Along with Squirtle and Charmander, Bulbasaur is one of the three Pokemon available at the beginning of Pokemon Red and Blue. It evolves into Ivysaur."A Seed Pokemon. From birth, Bulbasaur carries a large plant seed on its back. It uses the nutrients from the seed to grow bigger and bigger. Extended exposure to the sun will cause its body and seed to grow in size. Some say that once, when the seed was much lighter, Bulbasaur was able to get around on two legs. Bulbasaur evolves into Ivysaur."Bulbasaur appears to be based primarily on some form of reptile, specifically mammal-like reptiles known as Dicynodonts from the Permian period. Along with visible ears and no genuine metamorphosis stage (evolution aside), Bulbasaur appears to have more in common with mammals than amphibians such as frogs and toads, which metamorphose from one definite creature into another as they mature as opposed to just growing into a larger adult version of itself the way that Bulbasaur does. Alternatively, Bulbasaur's large rounded snout, wide mouth, wide-set eyes, blotch-patterned skin, and quadraped-like movements are vaguely similar to those of certain amphibians, such as the common toad. Since Bulbasaur's "ears" do not in fact have hollows, they may actually be similar to the glands present behind the eyes of many species of frogs and toads.The bulb on its back may resemble that of a lily or onion.Bulbasaur is a portmanteau of the words bulb (a rounded underground storage organ present in some plants, notably those of the lily family) and the Greek saur (lizard).Fushigidane literally means "isn't it strange?" and is also a pun on  fushigidane (mysterious bulb).
69 Buneary (Japanese:  Mimirol) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves into Lopunny when leveled up with high friendship.Buneary is a small, bipedal, rabbit-like Pokemon with brown ears that can curl up. It has two types of fur covering its body: a light tan fleece that covers much of its lower body, feet and the tips of their ears, and a smooth chocolate colored pelt on the upper half of its body. It has a small, triangular pink nose, pink paw pads on the undersides of its feet and small tan spots above its eyes. It has a small brown puff of a tail. It is commonly depicted with one ear curled up. If it senses danger, it perks up both ears. It can deliver powerful blows with its curled up ears, and it has an impressive jumping ability.On cold nights, Buneary sleeps with its head tucked into its fur. It lives in forests, though it can also be found on icy mountains. It is most likely herbivorous. Buneary also likes to eat certain kinds of flowers found in the wild.Dawn caught a Buneary in Setting the World on its Buneary! after failing to catch one in Two Degrees of Separation! and in Dawn of a New Era!.Buneary made its first appearance in a brief cameo in Following A Maiden's Voyage!.A Buneary appears under the ownership of the Super Contest judge, Keira. Diamond, Pearl, and Platinum find Buneary, who had wandered away from its Trainer, at the entrance to Hearthome City. After punching Pearl in the jaw, the Trainer tried to catch it, but the elusive Pokemon evaded the group and returned to its Trainer.Dawn's Buneary makes a cameo appearance in the manga adaptation of The Rise of Darkrai.Buneary appears as a trophy."A Rabbit Pokemon. It rolls up its long ears, then unrolls them with great force to slap enemies. This attack stings enough to make adults jump. It uses its ears not only to attack, but also to sense danger--they stand straight up when it senses a threat. Its fluffy fur lets it sleep in warmth and comfort on cold nights. When it levels up, it evolves into Lopunny."Buneary will not appear in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time until a rescue mission involving it has been completed, using the following Wonder Mail code:Buneary is based on a rabbit.Buneary is a combination of bunny and ear.Mimirol is a combination of  mimi (ear) and roll (referring to its rolled-up ears).
70 Bunnelby (Japanese:  Horubee) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves into Diggersby starting at level 20.Bunnelby is a small, gray, rabbit-like Pokemon. It has large, gray, brown-tipped ears with pinkish fur on the inside. It has a large, gray head and large eyes with white sclera and black pupils. It has a small pink nose and gray fur that sticks out on the cheeks, along with large white teeth. Its neck is surrounded by brown fur. It has a gray body with a gray tail and small brown spots on its hind legs. Its front paws are completely gray, while its hind paws are gray with brown toes. Bunnelby's ears are strong enough to shovel dirt and chop tree roots. It tends to be nocturnal.Bunnelby made its debut appearance in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin! under the ownership of Clemont.A Bunnelby appeared as a plush toy in A Jolting Switcheroo!.A Bunnelby appeared in Climbing the Walls!.A Bunnelby appeared in a flashback fantasy in The Forest Champion!.Bunnelby is based on a rabbit. Its ability to use its ears as digging tools to excavate through earth and roots may be a reference to trowels or shovels.Bunnelby may be a combination of bunny and tunnel.Horubee may be based on  horu (to dig) or hole.
71 Burmy (Japanese:  Minomutchi) is a Bug-type Pokemon.Burmy's evolutions are gender dependent: female Burmy evolve into Wormadam and male Burmy evolve into Mothim, both starting at level 20.It changes its cloak based on the location where it last battled.There are some grassy areas in which Burmy will not change to a Plant Cloak. In Pokemon X and Y, Burmy will not change to Plant Cloak after battling in the grassy areas of Route 8 between Connecting Cave and Ambrette Town. Instead, it chooses a Sandy Cloak - presumably due to the proximity to the beach on Route 8 connecting Ambrette Town to Cyllage City.In the wild it is always the Plant Cloak variation. The cloak only affects its form upon evolution into Wormadam; there is otherwise no effect on gameplay.Burmy is a small, larval Pokemon with a black segmented body and a coiled antenna on top of its head. It has a beak-like mouth and yellow eyes. Burmy has six stubby legs: the first two pairs are black, while the back pair is yellow. A coat of leaves, sand and gravel, or pink building insulation normally covers Burmys body. It will not hesitate to collect nearby materials to construct a new cloak if the old one breaks or falls off. Even if it is born where there are no cocooning materials, it somehow always ends up with a cloak. The cloak protects it from the cold, and will become thinner when the weather is hot.Burmy also starred in Some Enchanted Sweetening!, the episode Cheryl made her debut. She caught a wild Burmy that was lured to the Honey she put on a tree. After battles with Team Rocket, the Burmy evolved into a Mothim.Burmy made its debut appearance in Two Degrees of Separation! where Dawn tried and failed to catch one.A group of Burmy also appeared in The Rise of Darkrai.A Burmy (Plant Cloak) appeared in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin!A Burmy (Plant Cloak) appeared in A Shockingly Cheeky Friendship!.Platinum's intended bodyguard Paka is seen using a Burmy alongside Uji's Buizel, fending off an attack from an Abra and Croagunk belonging to Team Galactic.Burmy will not appear in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time until a rescue mission involving it has been completed, using the following Wonder Mail code:Burmy is based on a bagworm pupa, which will metamorphose into a moth if male, or remain a pupa-like creature if female.Burmy may be a combination and corruption of brr, burr, bag and worm.Minomutchi may be based on  minomushi (bagworm).
72 Butterfree (Japanese:  Butterfree) is a dual-type Bug Flying Pokemon.It evolves from Metapod starting at level 10. It is the final form of Caterpie.Butterfree resembles a vaguely anthropomorphic butterfly with a purple body. Unlike true insects, it only has two body segments and four light blue legs. Butterfree has two black antennae, a light blue snout with two fangs underneath, and large, red compound eyes. Its two pairs of veined wings are white with black accents. The oval scales of a female Butterfree's lower wings are black, but white in males.Butterfree's wings are covered with poisonous powders that fall off continuously as it flies. This powder repels water, enabling it to gather honey even in the rain. Butterfree will roam up to six miles from its nest in search of honey, which it carries with the hairs of its legs. It also consumes sap from trees pierced by Heracross, as seen in the anime. Butterfree is found in forests, but has also been observed flying near the ocean as part of its migratory breeding pattern.Ash Ketchum had a Butterfree that he had caught as a Caterpie, the first Pokemon he ever caught. Butterfree was also the first Pokemon Ash let go, allowing him to mate with a Pink Butterfree in Bye-Bye Butterfree.A pink Butterfree appeared in Bye-Bye Butterfree. Ash's Butterfree fell in love with her and fought to save her from Team Rocket. At the end of the episode, Ash released his Butterfree to mate with the pink Butterfree.Ritchie has a Butterfree named Happy. It was first seen in A Friend in Deed.An Orange Archipelago variant of Butterfree living on Valencia Island appeared in Poke Ball Peril. It had not eaten for days despite Professor Ivy's effort to make different kinds of food for it. It took a liking to Brock's food, however, and was one of the reasons he stayed behind. It reappeared in a flashback in A Tent Situation.A Butterfree appeared under the ownership of Lisa in Spell of the Unown.After Team Rocket kidnapped Dr. Gordon and flew away on Jessie's Dustox in Caterpie's Big Dilemma, Xander's giant Metapod evolved into a Butterfree to chase Team Rocket. Xander's Butterfree shrunk back to its normal size at the end of the episode.Jeremy used a Butterfree in the first half of the Silver Town Pokemon Contest in Weekend Warrior.Drew has a Butterfree that debuted in The Unbeatable Lightness of Seeing.Multiple Butterfree appeared in Butterfree and Me!., including one which Ash helped to evolve.A Butterfree appeared in The Path to the Pokemon League under the ownership of A.J..Multiple Butterfree appeared in Battle Aboard the St. Anne.A Butterfree also appeared in Pokemon Fashion Flash.Butterfree also appeared in The March of the Exeggutor Squad and Pallet Party Panic.A flock of Orange Archipelago Butterfree living on the Seven Grapefruit Islands appeared in a flashback in Snack Attack.An Orange Archipelago Butterfree under the ownership of an unnamed Trainer appeared in The Mandarin Island Miss Match.Multiple Butterfree also appeared in The Power of One, Celebi: Voice of the Forest, Pokemon Heroes and Destiny Deoxys.An Orange Archipelago Butterfree living on Shamouti Island appeared in Slowking's Day.Three Butterfree were seen at Professor Oak's Laboratory in The Rivalry Revival.Multiple Butterfree appeared in A Sappy Ending.Butterfree also appeared in Once in a Blue Moon.Multiple Butterfree appeared in For Crying Out Loud where they played with Wilhelmina's Marill.A Butterfree was one of the Pokemon seen at the Pokemon Swap Meet in Tricks of the Trade.A flock of Butterfree were seen flying over Mount Quena in Mewtwo Returns.Multiple Butterfree appeared in the wild in Houndoom's Special Delivery.Three Butterfree appeared in a flashback in The Light Fantastic.Several Butterfree appeared in Brock's dream in Sick Daze.A Butterfree was one of the inhabitants of an oasis just for Pokemon in Got Miltank?.A Butterfree appeared in A Tyrogue Full of Trouble where it was followed by Misty's Togepi.Two Butterfree were seen at Lake Slowpoke in Enlighten Up!.Several Butterfree were among the inhabitants of the Dragon Holy Land in Fangs for Nothin'.A Butterfree made a brief appearance in Camp Pikachu.A flock of Butterfree appeared before Ash's Larvitar in Hatch Me If You Can.A Butterfree appeared in Now Thats Flower Power! as a Pokemon in the Contest.A Butterfree appeared in Curbing the Crimson Tide!.In Channeling the Battle Zone, Solidad used her Butterfree in the Kanto Grand Festival.A regular Butterfree appeared in Pinch Healing!.Butterfree appeared in Pokemon Ranger and the Kidnapped Riolu! Part One.Multiple Butterfree made brief cameo appearances in Giratina and the Sky Warrior.Another Butterfree appeared in Camping It Up!.It was also seen as part of Lila's famous "Tiger Lily Smile" background in Battling the Generation Gap!.A group of Butterfree also appeared in Genesect and the Legend Awakened at Pokemon Hills.A Butterfree appeared on the picture in the gallery museum in A Blustery Santalune Gym Battle!.A Butterfree appeared in File 4: Charizard in a fantasy.Ash's Butterfree makes a brief appearance in the manga series The Electric Tale of Pikachu. It was first caught in Pikachu, I See You! as a Caterpie and then evolved into Metapod in Play Misty For Me.Ash's Metapod evolves into Butterfree in Play Misty For Me during Ash's Gym battle with Misty. Its last appearance as a Butterfree was in Haunting My Dreams, battling a giant Haunter.Melanie took care of three Butterfree in Pikachu's Excellent Adventure.Butterfree debuts in Wake UpYoure Snorlax! as one of the Pokemon shocked by Red's Pika in a forest.Yellow has a Butterfree which evolved from a Caterpie she befriended and captured. Her uncle, Fisherman Wilton, also has a Butterfree wich first appeared in Just a Spearow Carrier. Both of them are able to use Butterfree as a mode of flight, using Butterfree to hold onto their backs as they fly.In The Last Battle XIII a Butterfree was one of the Pokemon sent to help the fight in Ilex Forest.A Butterfree appeared in Pocket Monsters HeartGold & SoulSilver Go! Go! Pokeathlon.Giovanni used a Butterfree in a haircut salon that he built.Bugsy has a Butterfree as his main Pokemon. It was first seen as a Metapod in Let's Aim For The Goal.Its design appears to be based the Black-veined White butterfly.Butterfree is a combination of butterfly and free, possibly referring to its ability to fly after being grounded for two evolutionary stages. In Japanese, the name may also derive from the word  furu (to flap, as in wings).
73 Cacnea (Japanese:  Sabonea) is a Grass-type Pokemon.It evolves into Cacturne starting at level 32.Cacnea is a green, bipedal Pokemon with a round body and cactus-like striations. It has a dark green rhombus shape above its face, and six dark green rhombus shapes that ring around its waist. It has dark circles around its eyes, and its mouth composed of several similar circles. It has two dark green spikes on each side of its head, along with a yellow flower bud on top of its head. Its two club-like arms that are ringed with dark green spikes, and its two stubby, legs are dark green and conical.Cacnea uses its thorny arms like hammers to attack its opponents. The thorns allow it to use its former signature move, Needle Arm. It is able to live in deserts for 30 days without any water, due to its body being able to store moisture. The beauty of its yellow flower depends on the harness of its environment. This flower releases a strong aroma to attract prey. When prey approaches, Cacnea shoots sharp thorns to bring it down.Cacnea first appeared in A Poached Ego. It became James's Pokemon after his Weezing and Jessie's Arbok left to protect a bunch of Ekans and Koffing that were freed from a Pokemon Poacher. In Once There Were Greenfields, James gave Cacnea to Gardenia in order to master Drain Punch.Cacnea first appears in the very first round of the Ruby and Sapphire chapter, Creeping Past Cacnea.One Cacnea figure has been released.Cacnea is based on a barrel cactus and possibly from a jack-o'-lantern.Cacnea may be a combination of cactus and its Japanese name.Sabonea may be a combination of  saboten (cactus) and debonair.
74 Cacturne (Japanese:  Noctus) is a dual-type Grass Dark Pokemon.It evolves from Cacnea starting at level 32.Cacturne is a humanoid, bipedal Pokemon that resembles a green scarecrow made of cacti. It has yellow eyes and its mouth is composed of holes on its face. It has numerous spikes along the length of its arms, legs, and neck. A pattern of green rhombi extends down the front of its body. A female has a big, dark green rhombus on its chest, while a male has two small dark green rhombi. There is triangular, dark green feature on its head that resembles a hat with spiky tips.Cacturne is a nocturnal Pokemon that rarely moves during the day, which allows it to hold moisture. At night, it searches for prey or follows travelers until they become exhausted. It has lived in deserts for so long that its blood has transformed into sand. With its thorny arms, it is able to use its former signature move, Needle Arm.Harley owns a Cacturne. It first appeared in A Cacturne for the Worse, and has been Harley's main and best Pokemon since.Cacturne made its debut in a cameo appearance in Destiny Deoxys.Cacturne first appears in Talk About Timing, Treecko, under the ownership of Wally. He was first seen when he was rowing a boat during a flood caused by Kyogre.Cacturne is based on a cactus, possibly the saguaro, and a scarecrow. It could be associated with nighttime because Cacti are known as night (CAM) plants, as their CO2 fixation process occurs during the night.Cacturne is a combination of cactus and nocturne or nocturnal. It may also involve tricorne, referring to its head shape.Noctus is a combination of nocturne or nocturnal and cactus.
75 Camerupt (Japanese:  Bakuuda) is a dual-type Fire Ground Pokemon.It evolves from Numel starting at level 33. It can Mega Evolve into Mega Camerupt using the Cameruptite.Camerupt is a quadruped Pokemon that resembles a Bactrian camel. It has two gray volcanoes on its back. The two volcanoes on a female's back are bigger than those on a male. It also has a stout body with red shaggy fur and three blue ring-shaped markings on both sides. It has bangs on top of its head, droopy ears, and a tan furless muzzle.As Mega Camerupt, the humps on its back have transformed into one large and very active volcano. Its fur expands and grows to a point where only its hooves can be seen, and its ears and the tufts on its head grow thicker and longer, standing on end. It gains a grey M on the front of its face and loses the three blue rings on its body. Magma is constantly bubbling up from within its body. It has a deep hatred of water or any moisture, and has an explosive personality and a short temper. The volcano on its back erupts constantly in an effort to intimidate its foes.[1]Its body contains amounts of molten lava of 18,000F, which erupts out of its humps if the Pokemon is angered. As shown in the anime, it can become uncontrollably angry when it is struck in the face. It lives in the craters of volcanoes.Camerupt first appeared in the main series in Candid Camerupt! Vicky Winstrate used the Eruption Pokemon to battle Ash's Pikachu. Once Pikachu struck Vicky's Camerupt on the nose with Iron Tail, Camerupt went on an Eruption rampage. Vito's Alakazam used Rain Dance in order to stop Camerupt before it could reach the Winstrate's vegetable patch.In Lights, Camerupt, Action!, a man named Elijah was using a Camerupt to help carry his film-making equipment.A Camerupt attacked Ash and his friends in Historical Mystery Tour!Camerupt made its debut in Jirachi: Wish Maker.A Camerupt was one of Noland's Pokemon in Numero Uno Articuno.Camerupt made a cameo appearance in One Team, Two Team, Red Team, Blue Team!Another Camerupt appeared in Dawn of a Royal Day!A Camerupt appeared in the opening scenes of Zoroark: Master of Illusions.A Camerupt that can Mega Evolve into Mega Camerupt appeared in SS031.Vicky of the Winstrate family owns a Camerupt similar to the anime.Maxie has a Camerupt that he used in his battles against his rival leader Archie and later Ruby and Sapphire.Camerupt is essentially a Bactrian camel with volcanoes on its back instead of humps.Camerupt is a combination of camel and erupt.Bakuuda is a combination of  bakudan (bomb) or  bakuhatsu (explosion or eruption) and  rakuda (camel). Baku may also derive from Bactrian camels (camels with two humps).
76 Carbink (Japanese:  Melecie) is a dual-type Rock Fairy Pokemon.It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon.Carbink is a gray Pokemon that resembles a rock covered in light-blue crystals such as an ore. A white, fluffy collar separates this Pokemon's limbless body and head. Carbink has blue eyes, a light-blue crystal on top of its head and big, flat rhomboid ears. It can fire energy beams from the crystal in its head.Carbink is born from temperatures and pressure underground, and it has slept for millions of years since its birth. Some have been unearthed during cave excavations. Rarely, Carbink will undergo a strange mutation and transform into Diancie.Three Carbink named "Knight", "Merrick" and "Joke" appeared in Diancie, Princess of the Diamond Domain. Multiple Carbink including Knight, Merrick and Joke and a fourth Carbink named "Dace" appeared in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction.Carbink could be based on the carbuncle, a mythical fairy-like creature that was rumored to have gemstones growing out of it, and referring to its power to shoot rays or beams of light from the gem on its head. Its appearance is likely based on an ore, a type of rock that contains minerals with important elements which are valued for a high price.Carbink may be a combination of carbuncle, carbon (element diamonds are composed of), carat, and tink (to tinkle).Melecie may be a combination of melee (small cut diamonds),  mezurashii (rare), and  ishi (stone).
77 Carnivine (Japanese:  Muskippa) is a Grass-type Pokemon.It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon.Carnivine is a green Pokemon resembling a Venus flytrap. Its circular eyes have small pupils, and it has spiky teeth. Its stem is yellow with green spots, with red and green vines beneath with the appearance of tentacles. It can hang from tree branches using these vines, and it is said to look like a plant. It has two arms resembling leaves with three leafy 'fingers' each. Its mouth can open to about 180 degrees wide. With its mouth wide open, it attracts the prey it waits for with a sweet-smelling saliva, then chomps down. It takes a whole day to eat prey. It lives in forests and marshes. Its diet consists mostly of insects and small bugs.James has a Carnivine that first appeared in Two Degrees of Separation!, an old childhood friend of his which he finds at his old family mansion in Sinnoh. It replaced his Cacnea as his main battling Pokemon.In Pokemon Adventures, while the main protagonists were in the Great Marsh catching Pokemon, a Carnivine began chasing Lax and Chatler.Carnivine made a cameo appearance as one of Team Galactic's Pokemon.A Carnivine appeared as one of the contestants in a Super Contest.Carnivine is based on a venus flytrap.Carnivine is a combination of the words carnivore and vine.Muskippa is a combination of Dionaea muscipula (the scientific name for the Venus Flytrap) and  sukippara (hunger) or  kippan (eating).
78 Carracosta (Japanese:  Abagoura) is a dual-type Water Rock Fossil Pokemon.It evolves from Tirtouga starting at level 37, after it is revived from a Cover Fossil.Carracosta resembles a bipedal, blue-colored sea turtle. Its stomach is pale blue. It has deep blue rocky structures encrusted on its face, back, and the sides of its chest forming a "mask" and shell. Its flippers are long with black finger-like protrusions at the tips. Carracosta has a thick tail and short legs with two-toed feet. Carracosta has extremely strong jaws and have enough power in its slap to open a hole in the bottom of a tanker. Carracosta once lived in the sea millions of years ago and is now considered extinct. Carracosta eats steel frames and rocks, in addition to prey.Several Carracosta appeared in A Restoration Confrontation! Part 1, making their anime debut. The group defended Ferris and a Tirtouga from a flock of attacking Archen.In A Restoration Confrontation! Part 2, the Tirtouga evolved into a Carracosta after being forcefully revived by Dr. Zager.Carracosta appeared in the introduction scenes in WhiteVictini and Zekrom and BlackVictini and Reshiram.Zengai has a Carracosta that he can use as a Burst form.Black's Tirtouga, Costa, evolved into a Carracosta in his Gym battle against Brycen and defeated Brycen's Beartic to win the battle.Carracosta appears to draw inspiration from Archelon, the largest known species of sea turtle from the Late Cretaceous period. The fact it eats steel beams draws from the fact that sea turtles are able to bend metal bars with their jaws. The front of its shell also bears resemblance to a bulletproof vest.Carracosta may be a combination of carapace (a hard, protective covering, i.e. a shell) and costa (Latin, Spanish and Portuguese for coast, a reference to its habitat). Carra may also refer to the Carrara fossil formation, which contains numerous trilobite fossils.Abagoura may be a combination of  abareru (to thrash or act violently),  abara (rib cage), and  kra (shell).
79 Carvanha (Japanese:  Kibanha) is a dual-type Water Dark Pokemon.It evolves into Sharpedo starting at level 30.Carvanha is a fish Pokemon with a body covered in tiny, sharp denticles. The top half of its spherical body is blue, while the bottom half is red with a yellow, four-pointed star below its mouth. It has two yellow dorsal fins above its eyes that resemble shark fins, and a matching pelvic fin on its belly. Its pectoral fins are also yellow. The caudal fin is composed of two red spines with a thin yellow membrane stretched between them.It has powerful jaws and razor sharp teeth that are able to chew through solid steel and rip up boat hulls. It swarms any intruder and prey that invade its territory, and becomes timid when it is alone. It lives in rivers that course through jungles.Carvanha first appeared in A Corphish Out of Water. When Ash had to take his sick Corphish to a Pokemon Center, he had to cross a river that was infested with Carvanha.Over the series, Carvanha was one of the Pokemon used by Team Aqua.A Carvanha appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.A Carvanha appeared in Up Close and Personable!Multiple Carvanha appeared in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction.Carvanha was one of the Pokemon owned by Aqua Admin Amber. Amber used Carvanha's Rough Skin to wear down Sapphire's Torchic and Aron. It was later left behind at the Seafloor Cavern to cover for its Trainer as he made his escape.Carvanha is mostly based on piranhas.Carvanha may be a combination of carve or carnivore and piranha.Kibanha may be a combination of  kiba (fang) and piranha.
80 Cascoon (Japanese:  Mayuld) is a Bug-type Pokemon.It evolves from Wurmple depending on its personality value, starting at level 7, and it evolves into Dustox starting at level 10.Cascoon is a cocoon-like Pokemon with a purple body, two red eyes, and spiky limbs. It has a tough cocoon that is able to endure attacks, and it will not move even when it is attacked. However, it never forgets the pain it endures. The inside of the cocoon is hot. It lives in forests. It hides motionless underneath large leaves and inside the gaps of tree branches. It camouflages itself by attaching dead leaves to its body. Even when attacked it remains motionless.Jessie's Wurmple evolved into Cascoon in A Corphish out of Water. However, Jessie thought it was a Silcoon. As a result, James and Meowth were worried that Jessie would be furious when Cascoon evolved into Dustox.Cascoon is based on the chrysalis or cocoon stage of a butterfly or moth.Cascoon may be a combination of cask (a container, often cylindrical) and cocoon. It could also derive from cast, a shell meant for immobilizing part of the body or the method of creating said shell.Mayuld is a combination of  mayu (cocoon) and shield.
81 Castform (Japanese:  Powalen) is a Normal-type Pokemon.While it is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon, it has the ability to change forms depending on the current weather.Castform is an artificial Pokemon that changes appearance and attitude based on the weather. Its body is made of cells exactly like those of water molecules, causing its cellular structure to be altered by temperature and humidity. It uses this ability to protect its tiny body. In its Normal Form, it resembles a plain, gray cloud with a single wisp extending from the top of its head. When in its Sunny Form, its lower half becomes pure white, while the head turns orange has develops small orange spheres around it. This gives it the overall appearance of the sun above a small cloud. While in its Rain Form, it will have a dark gray lower half resembling a storm cloud. The head will be blue and resemble a raindrop. In its Snowy Form, its head turns purplish-blue. The rest of the body changes into the shape of a mint green, cumulonimbus cloud. Regardless of the form it takes, it will always have a large, spherical head and a lighter colored mask-like marking over its eyes. Aside from its various forms, Castform is able to utilize weather powers in the form of its previously signature move, Weather Ball. Despite its manmade origins, it can be found in grassland areas.A Castform from the Weather Institute changed into various forms in Unfair Weather Friends.A Castform appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.A Castform made an appearance in Clamperl of Wisdom as one of the random Pokemon Spoink used to replace its lost pearl.A Castform appeared in Saved by the Beldum.A Coordinator's Castform appeared in its Sunny Form in Spontaneous Combusken!.A Castform, nicknamed Fofo, belongs to Ruby in Pokemon Adventures. Previously, she belonged to Mr. Stone, who was injured in an attack by Team Aqua. Fofo was then given to Gabby and Ty to be cared for while he was being healed. She later decided to travel with Ruby when he began traveling with the reporters because she was lonely. Until he was reunited with Rara, Fofo was Ruby's Smart Contest Pokemon.A Castform makes an appearance in Descent Of The Weather God!! of Pokemon Ruby-Sapphire. In that chapter, it showed the ability of transforming into many forms depending on the current weather.Castform was featured as one of the Pokemon released from a Poke Ball in the demo of Super Smash Bros. Brawl that appeared at Jumpfesta.Castform resembles a living cloud and acts like weather in general, but it may also be based on a weather balloon. It is similar in both concept and design to a teru teru bzu, a Japanese charm doll used to wish for good weather. Its forms and their types may have originated from the English saying "rain, hail, or shine." As Castform is said to be composed of molecules similar to water, its shape of a large sphere with two smaller orbs resembles an H2O molecule.Castform may be a combination of forecast (the prediction of weather) and transform or form (referring to its ability to change form depending on the weather). The German and French names reflect this.Powalen may be a combination of  powan (onomatopoeia of a sudden transformation, similar to "poof" in English) and  kawaru (to change or transform).
82 Caterpie (Japanese:  Caterpie) is a Bug-type Pokemon.It evolves into Metapod starting at level 7, which evolves into Butterfree starting at level 10.Caterpie is a serpentine Pokemon that resembles the larvae of the Spicebush Swallowtail. It is a green caterpillar with yellow ring-shaped markings down the sides of its body. It also has large yellow eyes with black pupils. Its most notable characteristic is the bright red antenna (osmeterium) on its head, which releases a stench to repel predators. These and the large eye-shaped markings help to startle predators. Its feet are tipped with suction cups, permitting this Pokemon to scale most surfaces with minimal effort.Caterpie will shed its skin many times before finally cocooning itself in thick silk. It can also spit this silk in order to entangle foes as seen in Ash Catches a Pokemon. It has a voracious appetite that causes it to eat leaves larger than itself. It primarily feeds on vegetation, such as tree leaves. According to Pokemon Adventures, its favorite food is the Vermilion flower. Caterpie lives in forests.A Caterpie was the first Pokemon that Ash Ketchum caught from the wild, in Ash Catches a Pokemon. It evolved into Metapod in the same episode, and then into Butterfree the following episode.Bucky owns a Caterpie as seen in The Dunsparce Deception where he used it to compete in a race with Dunsparce but lost due to its slow speed.A Caterpie that appeared in Caterpie's Big Dilemma belonging to a young Trainer named Xander ate some of Dr. Gordon's enhanced Rare Candies and turned giant. Xander's Caterpie eventually evolved into a Mothra-sized Butterfree.A Caterpie appeared in Butterfree and Me!.A Caterpie appeared in Bulbasaur and the Hidden Village. It was one of the Pokemon in Melanie's care. It reappeared in a flashback in Bulbasaur... the Ambassador!.A Caterpie appeared in Electric Shock Showdown under the ownership of an unnamed Trainer.A Caterpie also appeared in Battle Aboard the St. Anne, Pokemon Fashion Flash, The Breeding Center Secret and Clefairy Tales.A Caterpie appeared in Mewtwo Strikes Back.A Pink Caterpie appeared in In the Pink, residing on the Pinkan Island.Multiple Caterpie appeared in Tracey Gets Bugged.Ralph and Emily were both shown in a flashback to have once owned a Caterpie each in Wherefore Art Thou, Pokemon?.A Caterpie appeared in Illusion Confusion! as an illusion created by Haunter and Gengar.Multiple Caterpie appeared in For Crying Out Loud where they were accidentally wet by Wilhelmina's Marill.Multiple Caterpie were in Azalea Gym in Gettin' The Bugs Out.A Caterpie appeared in The Bug Stops Here. Misty chases it away when it is talking with Togepi.A Caterpie was one of the sick Pokemon in a Pokemon Center in Carrying On!.A Caterpie appeared in Jessie's fantasy in Wings 'N' Things.MultipleCaterpie also appeared in Celebi: Voice of the Forest.A Caterpie was one of the inhabitants of an oasis just for Pokemon in Got Miltank?.Multiple Caterpie appeared in For Ho-Oh the Bells Toll! where they protected the Tin Tower after Team Rocket stole the crystal bells on the top floor.In Talkin' 'Bout an Evolution, Team Rocket's experiments made Pokemon feel sick, one being a Caterpie.A Caterpie made a brief appearance in Camp Pikachu.A Caterpie appeared in the opening of Pokemon Heroes and Destiny Deoxys.A Caterpie was used by one of the students of the Pokemon Trainer's School in Gonna Rule The School!.A Caterpie appeared under the possession of a Coordinator in Hi Ho Silver Wind!A Caterpie also appeared in One Big Happiny Family! in Jessie's fantasy.A Caterpie appeared in One Team, Two Team, Red Team, Blue Team!.Multiple Caterpie made a brief appearance in Coming Full-Festival Circle!.A Caterpie also appeared in Genesect and the Legend Awakened at Pokemon Hills.A Caterpie appeared in Alexa's magazine in The Journalist from Another Region!.A Caterpie appeared in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin!.A Caterpie appeared in Lumiose City Pursuit!, Mega-Mega Meowth Madness! and Day Three Blockbusters! at Professor Sycamore's lab.Red caught a Caterpie which was registered in his Pokedex. It evolved into Metapod before his Gym battle with Brock.Two Caterpie appeared in File 3: Giovanni caged in the Rocket Hideout and Silph Co. while Team Rocket was around.Ash's Caterpie appears in the manga series The Electric Tale of Pikachu.Caterpie is the second wild Pokemon that Ash captures in the manga. It was caught in Pikachu, I See You!. It evolves twice in Play Misty For Mefirst into Metapod while Ash is showing off his Pokemon to Misty, and then into Butterfree during his Gym battle against Misty.Ash is not shown releasing his Butterfree in the manga, although it is not seen after Haunting My Dreams.Caterpie's first appearance is a cameo in Bulbasaur, Come Home! as one of the Pokemon that escapes from Professor Oak's Laboratory. It also makes a cameo in The Secret of Kangaskhan.Another Caterpie appeared as a silhouette when Green explains about Mew in The Jynx Jinx.Caterpie made its main appearance in the Yellow chapter in As Gastly as Before. With the help of her fishing rod and Red's Pika, Yellow saved a Caterpie from its tree, which was targeted by a fire attack. Caterpie then followed Yellow to where she and Blue were training, next to the Rock Tunnel. It took Yellow a whole day to properly catch this Caterpie with a Poke Ball, but once she prevailed, Yellow welcomed Caterpie to her team and called it "Kitty". It then became one of Yellow's most useful Pokemon, whose string was commonly used to make floaters. However, in the battle against Lance, Yellow did not have a Pokedex, which she needed to stop her Pokemon from evolving, and so Kitty evolved into Metapod and then into Butterfree right afterwards.A Caterpie was mentioned as one of the Pokemon Crys had captured for Professor Oak in Three Cheers for Chikorita.A Caterpie was one of the pokemon Crystal fails to catch in Absolutely Azumarill.A Caterpie appeared in The Last Battle XIII as one of the Pokemon sent to help the fight in Ilex Forest.Shu has a Caterpie that he uses in various creative ways, mostly involving strange uses of its String Shot.In Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Ginji's Rescue Team, Ginji saved a Caterpie from an attacking Ariados.A Caterpie is seen with Green during the baseball match that took place in Fierce Competition at the Pokemon Baseball Tournament!.Caterpie is a stylized caterpillar, most resembling an Eastern tiger swallowtail caterpillar with the coloration of a Spicebush Swallowtail. Its "antenna" is an osmeterium, an organ unique to swallowtail caterpillars which, like Caterpie, they use to emit a foul odor. The tip of Caterpie's tail resembles the horn at the rear end of most species of hawk moth larvae.Caterpie is a corruption of caterpillar.
83 Celebi (Japanese:  Celebi) is a dual-type Psychic Grass Legendary Pokemon.It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon.It serves as the guardian of Ilex Forest and is only able to be caught from the wild in Pokemon Crystal with an event activated by the GS Ball.Celebi is the last Pokemon in the Johto Pokedex and Hoenn Pokedex, although in the latter, Celebi is not shown.Celebi is a green fairy-like creature. It has round toeless feet, three-fingered hands, and clear wings on its back. It has a round head that comes to a curved point. It has large baby-blue eyes with thick black rings around them, and a pair of green antennae with blue tips.Often found in forests, Celebi is a Legendary Pokemon, known in legend as the "Voice of the Forest." It is able to travel through time and exist simultaneously throughout time, and plant life flourishes wherever it has been. As seen in the anime, it is able to bring deceased Celebi back to life and restore plants to perfect health. It was shown in Pokemon Colosseum that Celebi has the power to instantly cause the Purification of any Shadow Pokemon and can be summoned at Relic Forest with the melody of a Time Flute. Despite living in forests as its guardian, Celebi only shows itself in areas and times of peace. It has been regarded that as long as Celebi are seen throughout the world, a prosperous and bright future is still in store for the Pokemon World.Celebi first appeared in Celebi: Voice of the Forest. A Pokemon hunter was after it and Celebi traveled 40 years into future to escape from him, taking young Sam along with it accidentally. The Iron-Masked Marauder eventually captured the time traveling Pokemon in a Dark Ball and used it to destroy the forest. Ash and Sam managed to snap Celebi out of the Iron Masked Marauder's spell.Celebi appeared in a central role again in Zoroark: Master of Illusions. Grings Kodai was after the Pokemon in order to restore his ability to see the future, which he got on a previous encounter with it. It befriended Zorua and helped save Zoroark after she was mortally injured by Kodai.Celebi also made an appearance in Pokemon Chronicles. In Celebi and Joy, Celebi took Ritchie back in time to help stop the destruction of a Pokemon Center.In The Green Guardian, the Pokemon Ranger Solana accompanied Ash and his friends in helping the Pokemon.A Celebi made a brief cameo in the opening of Jirachi: Wish Maker and Destiny Deoxys.A Celebi appeared in the boss fantasy of A Lean Mean Team Rocket Machine!.Celebi makes a cameo appearance in the beginning of The Rise of Darkrai.A Celebi appeared in another fantasy in An Egg Scramble!.A Celebi made a cameo appearance in the ending credits in Meloetta's Moonlight Serenade.Celebi appeared in A 'Thank You' That Transcends Time.Celebi appeared in Celebi: a Timeless Encounter.The Masked Man aimed to capture Celebi and use its time-traveling powers to reunite one his Pokemon with its deceased parents. Although the Masked Man managed to capture Celebi, the GS Ball holding it was destroyed by Gold, freeing it from the villain's control. Afterward, it would appear to help in the Ruby & Sapphire and HeartGold & SoulSilver chapters.Shu caught a Celebi in Pokemon Gotta Catch 'Em All but released it afterwards.A Celebi appeared in Celebi, the Green Guardian.A Celebi appeared in TA40.When a Poke Ball is thrown, there is a 1 in 251 chance of Celebi appearing after all these requirements have been fulfilled:It does not affect the battle, but the thrower of the Poke Ball will earn a bonus and trophy of Celebi."Celebi has the power to travel through time, and thus wanders from one age to the next. It is considered a deity by the forests: plants and trees are said to grow in unimaginable abundance wherever Celebi visits. Like Mew, Celebi is a Pokemon shrouded in mystery. Its special techniques blend grass and psychic powers."When a Poke Ball is thrown, there is a 1 in 493 chance of Celebi appearing. Like the other "secret" Pokemon, it drops collectible items; in Celebi's case, it drops trophies."A Time Travel Pokemon. Celebi can travel throughout time and inhabit multiple places simultaneously. It is said that it appears only during times of peace, greeted by a flourishing of grass and trees. Two turns after Celebi uses its Future Sight move, the foe is bombarded with psychic energy. This proves to have a devastating impact on any Pokemon."Celebi appears as a trophy in the 3DS version of the game.This Pokemon has the unique ability to travel through time to the past or future. However, the only times Celebi wants to visit are those of peace, so catching sight of Celebi in one of the beautiful forests it frequents is a good sign indeed. Perhaps it's mankind's responsibility to create the kind of time Celebi would want to visit.Celebi is only obtainable in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Darkness after downloading a Wonder Mail from the Nintendo WFC.Celebi has a natural theme.[3] Celebi might be related to nature worship of Shintoism. It may be based on a fairy, dryad, or kodama. Its fierce protectiveness for its forest home resembles that of the Curupira.Celebi may be a combination of celestial and being, or it may be a combination of serenity and  bi (beauty).
84 Chandelure (Japanese:  Chandela) is a dual-type Ghost Fire Pokemon.It evolves from Lampent when exposed to a Dusk Stone. It is the final form of Litwick.Chandelure is a Pokemon that resembles a sentient chandelier. It has a striped, round head, and round, pupil-less yellow eyes. There is a ring of small, black spikes on top of its head with a tall, purple flame in the middle. From a black spike below its head, black arms curl upward. These arms are tipped with purple fire. Chandelure's fires do not burn its victims physically, instead burning their spirit. After hypnotizing its opponent by waving these flames, it absorbs the victim's spirit.Chandelure made its debut in Battle for the Underground! under Ingo's ownership. It helped Ash, Iris, and Cilan rescue their Pokemon from Team Rocket. The same Chandelure later appeared in Lost at the Stamp Rally! in a Tag Battle with Emmet's Eelektross against Ash's Tepig and Cilan's Pansage.A Chandelure also appeared in Climbing the Tower of Success!.Ramone also owns a Chandelure, which appeared with him A Unova League Evolution! after he won his Full Battle against Antonio.Chandelure appears in the 3DS version as an enemy in Smash Run mode. It will use Will-O-Wisp and Fire Spin to attack. It absorbs fire-based attacks and items to power up itself.NA: A Ghost Fire-type Pokemon that burns its opponents' spirits instead of their bodies. When it attacks, it does so in bursts of three, using moves like Will-O-Wisp and Fire Spin. Try not to use fire-based attacks or items on it, as it will only absorb them and use them to strengthen itself.PAL: A Ghost- and Fire-type Pokemon that doesn't burn its opponents' bodies, but their spirits. When it attacks, it does so in bursts of three, using moves like Will-O-Wisp and Fire Spin. Try not to use fire-based attacks or items on it, as it will only absorb them and use them to strengthen itself.Chandelure is based on a hitodama (a blue, black, or purple-fire associated with ghosts and ykai, equivalent to the western will-o'-the-wisp) and a chandelier.Chandelure may be a combination of chandelier and lure or allure.Chandela is a corruption of chandelier and may be a combination of chandelier and candela (Latin for candle).
85 Chansey (Japanese:  Lucky) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves from Happiny when leveled up holding an Oval Stone during the day and evolves into Blissey when leveled up with high friendship.Chansey is a pink, ovoid Pokemon. There are three hair-like growths on the sides of its head, tipped with a darker shade of pink. On the center of its belly is a dark pink pouch that contains a single white egg. Its arms are stubby, and it has small, dark pink feet. Additionally, it has a short tail. It is a female-only species with no male counterpart.Chansey lays several nutritious eggs every day, which it carefully carries in its pouch. A kindhearted Pokemon, it will share these eggs with injured people and Pokemon. The eggs become more delicious if Chansey is raised with love and care. Chansey is extremely rare in the wild, and is said to bring good luck and happiness to those who manage to catch it. It is more commonly found in urban settings.Throughout the anime, Chansey is mainly seen working at Pokemon Centers. The first instance was in Pokemon Emergency!.In The Brockster Is In!, Brock's Happiny evolved into Chansey.A Chansey was seen as one of Suzy's clients in Pokemon Fashion Flash. She reappeared in a flashback in Beauty and the Breeder.Two of Joy's Chansey are temporarily 'owned' by Doctor Proctor in A Chansey Operation.In Cutting the Ties that Bind, Spenser had his Chansey heal Ash's Sceptile after he saved Ash from Team Rocket.Cheryl also owns a Chansey, which made appearances in Some Enchanted Sweetening and The Grass-Type is Always Greener!.A Chansey also appeared several times in Genesect and the Legend Awakened at Pokemon Hills.Chansey also appeared in The March of the Exeggutor Squad.A Chansey appeared in a picture in Pokemon Paparazzi.A Chansey appeared in Lights, Camera, Quack-tion, as part of the cast for the movie "Pokemon in Love".A Chansey was also seen training with an unnamed Trainer in Bad to the Bone.A Chansey under the ownership of the Pokemon Showboat stage show staff appeared in Stage Fight!.Chansey also appeared in The Power of One.A Chansey was one of the Pokemon seen at the Pokemon Swap Meet in Tricks of the Trade.A Chansey appeared in Beauty and the Breeder where she participated in a Pokemon breeding competition.A Chansey appeared in the boss fantasy of A Lean Mean Team Rocket Machine!.Red encountered a Chansey at a Safari Zone in File 4: Charizard.In Pokemon Adventures, Daisy Oak owns a Chansey, nicknamed Lucky-tchi, that previously belonged to her grandfather which first appeared in Punching Poliwrath. In Take a Chance on Chansey in a flashback of Agatha's, Professor Oak is seen with Luck-tchi, on his team from their league battle over two decades ago, and uses her to fight the bitter woman's Gastly, winning the match after hours.A Chansey is one of the Pokemon residing in Gold's house in Murkrow Row.Plum owns a Chansey in Magical Pokemon Journey.Multiple Chansey were kidnapped by the Chansey torturer for Koga's greed in Save The Chansey!. They were strong enough to break free from the ropes that bound them and escaped.A Chansey took part in a baseball match in Fierce Competition at the Pokemon Baseball Tournament!.Shigeru has a Chansey which he caught it in the Safari Zone.Chansey will sometimes appear from the Silph Co. Building in Saffron City, and can also be released from a Poke Ball in which case she will shoot out eggs.When released from a Poke Ball, Chansey will use Softboiled and produce five eggs. Anyone can pick them up and they will either slightly heal the holder or contain items. If attacked, Chansey can be knocked away, stopping egg production.Chansey is also a Pokefloat. The float will quickly bob up and down from the bottom of the screen four times."Renowned for its kind temperament, Chansey has been known to offer injured creatures a highly nutritious egg to aid their recovery. Legend has it that this charitable creature brings friendship to anyone who captures a Chansey. All Chansey are female, and every now and then one is found in possession of a Lucky Egg."Chansey's tendency to carry eggs in a pouch is much like a monotreme or marsupial, but may also simply be based on a general concept of females and motherhood. As the Pokedex mentions its frequent laying of nutritious eggs, Chansey may also be based on chickens or other poultry.Chansey is a corruption of chance and chancy. It may refer to Chansey's rarity and or the chance of a successful catch.Lucky is literally lucky, for the same possible reason.
86 Charizard (Japanese:  Lizardon) is a dual-type Fire Flying Pokemon.It evolves from Charmeleon starting at level 36. It is the final form of Charmander. It can Mega Evolve into two forms: Mega Charizard X using Charizardite X and Mega Charizard Y using Charizardite Y.Charizard is the version mascot of Pokemon Red and FireRed Versions. It also makes an appearance on the Pokemon Ranger, Pokemon Stadium, and Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky boxarts.Charizard is a draconic, bipedal Pokemon. It is primarily orange with a cream underside from the chest to the tip of its tail, which burns with a sizable flame. Charizard has a long neck, small blue eyes, raised nostrils, and two blunt horns protruding from the back of its rectangular head. There are two fangs visible in the upper jaw when its mouth is closed. Two large wings with teal undersides sprout from its back, and a horn-like appendage juts out from the third joint of each wing. Charizard's arms are short and skinny compared to its robust belly, and each limb has three white claws. It has stocky legs and cream-colored soles under its feet.As Mega Charizard X, its body and legs appear more physically fit, though its arms remain thin. Its skin turns black with a sky blue underside extending from the lower jaw to the tip of the tail. Two spikes with blue tips curve upward from the front and back of each shoulder, while the tips of its horns sharpen, turn blue, and curve slightly upward. Its brow and claws are larger, its snout is shorter, and its eyes are now red with white pupils. It has two small, fin-like spikes under each horn and two more down its lower neck. The lower trims of its wings are divided into large, rounded points and each third joint is adorned with a claw-like spike. Mega Charizard X breathes blue flames out the sides of its mouth, and the flame on its tail now burns blue with increased heat.[1]When Mega Evolved as Mega Charizard Y, this Pokemon becomes more sleek and expansive in appearance, but retains its normal coloration. However, it now has white pupils. It has three pointed horns on the back of its head, the middle of which is longer. Its shorter snout has larger fangs and a ridge on the nose. Its neck is shorter and its hands are much smaller, but its torso and legs are longer. Small wings develop on its wrists, while the ones on its back become larger and now have ragged edges. The back of its tail has a large thorn at the base and three smaller ones near the tip, which now burns with a longer flame. Mega Charizard Y is said to have incredible flying prowess, being able to reach incredible heights.[1]This Pokemon flies in search of powerful opponents to battle, and its fire will burn hotter as it gains experience. Its fiery breath is capable of melting boulders, massive glaciers, and has been known to accidentally cause forest fires. Charizard typically inhabit mountains and valleys. The anime has shown that only a weak Charizard would show off its power, and that a group of Charizard resides in the Charicific Valley in Johto.Ash Ketchum has a Charizard that he obtained as a Charmander in Charmander  The Stray Pokemon. It evolved into Charmeleon in March of the Exeggutor Squad and quickly evolved again into Charizard in Attack of the Prehistoric Pokemon, where Charizard reluctantly saved Ash from the claws of an Aerodactyl.Liza of the Charicific Valley owns her own Charizard, called Charla. It has a romantic relationship with Ash's Charizard.A Charizard borrowed from Battle Park was used by Jessie in a battle against Ash's Totodile as part of an elaborate plan to capture Pikachu in One Trick Phony!.In Those Darn Electabuzz!, Casey had to help Corey Demario and his Charizard named Don get their fighting spirit back so that Corey could start pitching for The Electabuzz Baseball Team.Clark used a Charizard and Quilava against Ash's Grovyle and Glalie in Shocks and Bonds. Clark's Charizard defeated Ash's Grovyle and lost to Ash's Glalie.In Grating Spaces, Delibird gave Jessie and James a Charizard and an Aggron, with Jessie getting Charizard and James getting Aggron. However, Delibird took the two Pokemon away at the end of the episode as they were meant for Cassidy and Butch.A Charizard that can Mega Evolve into Mega Charizard X appeared in the side story episodes Mega Evolution Special I and SS031 under the ownership of Alain, a Pokemon Trainer that seeks to defeat all Mega Evolved Pokemon.Charizard first appeared in Island of the Giant Pokemon, but it was actually a robot.A real Charizard made its debut in a flashback in Primeape Goes Bananas.When James was in the Pokemon League Entrance Exam in The Ultimate Test, he used a Charizard that he eventually tried to steal.A Charizard was seen on TV in The Breeding Center Secret.Ash's Noctowl hypnotized an attacking Fearow into seeing it as a Charizard in Carrying On!.Vitzo fantasized about a Charizard in The Screen Actor's Guilt.A Trainer used a Charizard in the Fallarbor Pokemon Contest in Come What May!.A Charizard appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.Multiple Charizard fought in the feuding armies in Lucario and the Mystery of Mew.The Charizard from Team A.C.T. and its teammates had a cameo in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Team Go-Getters Out of the Gate!. They were considered for the job of rescuing Big Brother Pikachu, but were already on another mission.A Charizard appeared in Alexa's magazine in The Journalist from Another Region!.Another Charizard that can Mega Evolve appeared in Mega Evolution Special I. Unlike Alain's Charizard, this Charizard can Mega Evolve into Mega Charizard Y.Red obtained Charizard as a Charmander from Professor Oak when he went out on his journey. It evolved into a Charizard some time after Red defeated Koga between File 2 - Cubone and File 3 - Giovanni. During the fight against Mewtwo in File 4 - Charizard, Red's Charizard Mega Evolved into Mega Charizard X and battled Mewtwo. It was the first Mega Evolution seen in the anime.One of Blue's main Pokemon, Charizard debuted as a Charmander. With its increased capacity for battle both with augmented strength and its flight ability, it proved to be a valuable asset for Blue, both during the Silph Co. battles and in the Pokemon League, where Red's Venusaur narrowly defeated it. It had evolved from Charmeleon sometime before Kalling Kadabra.Another Charizard appeared in Forretress of Solitude on a poster in Red's room.Ash's Charizard makes a few appearances in the manga series The Electric Tale of Pikachu. It first appears as a Charmander in You Gotta Have Friends and then later appears as a Charizard in The Indigo Finals.Ritchie's Charizard also appears in The Indigo Finals, battling against Ash's.In the Pokemon Battle Frontier manga series, Rald, the main character's mentor, has a Charizard.A Trainer named Nagi owns a Charizard who battled Shu and Skarmory.Green, the main rival of Red in the Pokemon Pocket Monsters manga series, owns a Charizard. It is the final evolved form of Charmander, his starter Pokemon. It is a mischievous Pokemon that has a rivalry with Red's Clefairy.As a Charmander, it was able to evolve directly into Charizard, apparently skipping the Charmeleon stage. It has reverted to the Charmander stage, although it has since evolved back into Charizard permanently.In Pokemon Zensho, Satoshi has a Charizard that was originally a Charmander he received from Professor Oak.The Charizard from Team A.C.T. appears in the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Ginji's Rescue Team manga. He, along with his teammates, is a role model of Mudkip and tries to rescue him when he mistakenly believes that Ginji is a threat to Mudkip's safety.Charizard's first-released TCG card, which as part of the Base Set, was widely regarded at the height of popularity of Pokemon as the best card ever. This was because of its powerful attack, Fire Spin, and useful Pokemon Power, Energy Burn, which allowed it to convert any Energy attached to it to Fire Energy. Fire Spin needed four Fire Energy and could deal 100 damage, knocking out the majority of Pokemon cards. In addition, it had the highest HP then, at 120. Individual Charizard cards were sold up to as much as $150. First edition cards of this dwarfed this price at one point breaking the $1000 US price point. This Charizard card was reprinted in Wizards of the Coast's Base Set 2 and Legendary Collection sets, and released again with updated artwork in the Stormfront expansion.One Charizard figure has been released.Charizard resembles a European dragon, certainly one of many forms told and rendered in legends.Charizard is a portmanteau of the words char (to burn) and lizard.Lizardon is a combination of lizard and either dragon or don (Ancient Greek for tooth, commonly used in dinosaur names).
87 Charmander (Japanese:  Hitokage) is a Fire-type Pokemon.It evolves into Charmeleon starting at level 16, which evolves into Charizard starting at level 36.Along with Bulbasaur and Squirtle, Charmander is one of three starter Pokemon of Kanto available at the beginning of Pokemon Red, Green, Blue, FireRed, and LeafGreen.Charmander is a bipedal, reptilian Pokemon with an orange body, though its underside and soles are cream-colored. It has two small fangs visible in its upper and lower jaws and blue eyes. Its arms and legs are short with four fingers and three clawed toes. A fire burns at the tip of this Pokemons slender tail, and has blazed there since Charmanders birth. The flame can be used as an indication of Charmander's health and mood, burning brightly when the Pokemon is strong, weakly when it is exhausted, wavering when it is happy, and blazing when it is enraged. It is said that Charmander dies if its flame goes out.Charmander can be found in hot, mountainous areas. However, it is found far more often in the ownership of Trainers. As shown in Pokemon Snap, Charmander exhibits pack behavior, calling others of its species if it finds food.In Charmander - The Stray Pokemon, Ash, Misty, and Brock came across a Charmander which had been abandoned by its Trainer, Damian, who only cared about strong Pokemon. At first, Charmander refused to leave the spot it was at, waiting for Damian to return. However, when a rainstorm picked up, Charmander grew ill and Ash took it to a Pokemon Center. Charmander realized that Damian was no good, and joined up with Ash. It has since evolved into Charmeleon, and then Charizard.Ritchie owned a Charmander named Zippo, which debuted in A Friend In Deed. It later evolved into Charmeleon.In Journey to the Starting Line, Gilbert was intended to start his journey as a Pokemon Trainer, but the trio of Kanto Starter Pokemon were scared off when Ash's Tauros stampeded through Professor Oak's house. Professor Oak, Tracey, Delia and Gilbert split up in order to find the three missing Pokemon. The Charmander was the first one to be found.Another Charmander was seen with Professor Oak in A Six Pack Attack! along with a Bulbasaur and Squirtle. Another was seen in The Right Place and The Right Mime, along with another Bulbasaur and Squirtle.A Charmander stars in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Team Go-Getters out of the Gate! as the leader of Team Go-Getters.A Charmander appeared in The Fires of a Red-Hot Reunion! owned by the Kanto Fair Host. Seeing it inspired Ash to bring his Charizard back onto his team.A Charmander appeared in Summer of Discovery!, under the ownership of Trevor.Charmander was mentioned in the first episode of the anime, Pokemon - I Choose You!, as one of the three starter Pokemon new Trainers in Pallet Town can choose from. Ash dreamed of owning one, although it was his last choice of a starter coming after Squirtle and Bulbasaur. However, when he arrived at Oak's lab, he found out it was too late, as another Trainer who started the same day had already taken it.Multiple Charmander also appeared in Battle Aboard the St. Anne.A Charmander was seen in a Pokemon Center in Hypno's Naptime.A Charmander also appeared in Pokemon Fashion Flash.In The Ultimate Test, a Charmander was one of the Pokemon owned by the Pokemon League entrance exam instructor.Two Charmander appeared in The Breeding Center Secret. One was seen evolving on TV for a commercial about Cassidy's and Butch's breeding center, while the other one appeared in the said center.A Charmander under the ownership of an unknown Trainer, appeared in Friends to the End, during the closing ceremonies of the Indigo League.A Charmander appeared in A Better Pill to Swallow as a fantasized Pokemon.A Charmander was used by one of the students of the Pokemon Trainer's School in Gonna Rule The School!.One also appeared in Meloetta's Moonlight Serenade.A Charmander appeared in Alexa's magazine in The Journalist from Another Region!.A Charmander appeared in a flashback in Mega Evolution Special I as the unevolved form of Alain's CharizardCharmander was one of the three Pokemon Professor Oak gave Red and Blue to choose from to start their journey, with Red choosing Charmander. It later evolved into a Charmeleon between File 1 - Red and File 2 - Cubone and then a Charizard between File 2 - Cubone and File 3 - Giovanni.Giovanni was shown to have once had a Charmander during a flashback in File 3 - Giovanni.Another Charmander appeared in File 3: Giovanni at Silph Co.Ash's Charmander makes a few appearances in the manga The Electric Tale of Pikachu.The capture of Ash's Charmander diverges considerably from the anime. In the manga, Damian seems to have abandoned his Charmander at the beginning of the chapter Pikachu's Excellent Adventure, but it turns out that he had just been injured and went to the hospital.Ash is shown to own a Charmander despite this, his own Charmander first appears in You Gotta Have Friends. Ash's Charmander's capture is not shown in the manga, instead, when Charmander first appears from its Poke Ball, it is simply stated that "Ash has been busy since the last comic".Ash's Charmander reappears as a Charizard in the chapter The Indigo Finals at the Indigo Plateau Conference. In this chapter, Charizard battles Charley, Ritchie's own Charizard.In Magical Pokemon Journey, the sickly Trainer Peanut owns an aggressive Charmander. Peanut's Charmander first appears in the chapter Charmander's Peanut.Mandy is a female Charmander from the Magical Pokemon Journey manga.Charmander debuted in the first round of the Red, Green & Blue chapter, A Glimpse of the Glow, where one appeared in a fantasy explanation of Red and as one of Blue's first Pokemon, received from his grandfather Professor Oak. It has since evolved into Charmeleon before facing Brock of Pewter City, and then to Charizard before the Silph Co. battles against Team Rocket. The major powerhouse of his team with its newly learned Blast Burn attack, its battle skills (able to defeat Red's Poliwhirl easily even before evolving) are complimented by its fast flight, for which it was traded to Red twice, during both the Gold, Silver & Crystal chapter and the FireRed & LeafGreen chapter. It is worth noting that, as Charmeleon, it was accidentally traded to Red many years earlier.Another Charmander appeared as a silhouette when Green explains about Mew in The Jynx Jinx.After X's Marisso lost to it in a battle X decided to take it and named it Salam in PAXY04.In the Pokemon Pocket Monsters manga series, Red's rival, Green, chose Charmander as his starter Pokemon. Green's Charmander is mischievous and has a rivalry with Red's Clefairy.Green's Charmander has evolved into Charizard. It seems to be able to skip the Charmeleon stage, as it was seen evolving directly into Charizard. Although it has devolved back to the Charmander stage, it currently seems to have permanently evolved back into Charizard.In Pokemon Zensho, Satoshi chooses Charmander as his starter Pokemon, while Shigeru chooses a Squirtle.Charmander appears in Super Smash Bros. Brawl as a trophy."A Lizard Pokemon. It just downright likes hot stuff. The always-burning tail indicates its mood--waving gently when content and burning intensely when angry. If the tail were to go out, it would be the end of Charmander's life. Its tail is believed to emit steam when it rains. Charmander evolves into Charmeleon by leveling up."Charmander appears to be predominantly reptilian in origin, and may have been partially inspired by the mythical salamander (as opposed to the real-world amphibian of the same name which inspired its mythical counterpart). This salamander was a fire-spirit capable of surviving in extreme heat or flames, and it is sometimes creatively rendered or interpreted in the shape of a lizard.Physically, Charmander has a slender body, a short nose, and a long tail, as well as other lizard-like characteristics. The fact that it does not undergo a metamorphosis stage (beyond its own evolutionary pattern) but instead grows into a larger version of itself as it matures, among other things, indicate that Charmander has more in common with reptiles (such as lizards) than with amphibians (such as real-world salamanders).Charmander's Hidden Ability, Solar Power, may have drawn inspiration from the spotted salamander. In July and August 2010, this species was identified as the first known photosynthetic vertebrate animal, capable of converting energy from sunlight.Charmander is a portmanteau of the words char (to burn) and salamander.Hitokage comes from  (salamander):  hi (fire) and  tokage (lizard).
88 Charmeleon (Japanese:  Lizardo) is a Fire-type Pokemon.It evolves from Charmander starting at level 16 and evolves into Charizard starting at level 36.Charmeleon is a bipedal, reptilian creature. It has crimson scales and a cream underside. There is a horn-like protrusion on the back of its head, and it has narrow green eyes and a long snout. It has relatively long arms with three sharp claws. Its short legs have feet with three claws and cream-colored soles. The tip of its long, powerful tail has a flame burning on it. The temperature rises to unbearable levels if Charmeleon swings its tail.Charmeleon has a vicious nature and will constantly seek out opponents. Strong opponents excite this Pokemon, causing it to spout bluish-white flames that torch its surroundings. However, it will relax once it has won. It is rare in the wild, but it can be found in mountainous areas.Ash's Charmander evolved into Charmeleon in March of the Exeggutor Squad. It quickly grew unruly and disobedient and evolved into Charizard soon after, in Attack of the Prehistoric Pokemon.Ritchie's Charmander, nicknamed Zippo, evolved into a Charmeleon off-screen and was first seen in its evolved form in A Parent Trapped!.In The Crystal Onix, Mateo used a Charmeleon to make glass and battle the titular Crystal Onix.Sam used a Charmeleon in Celebi: Voice of the Forest to battle the Iron-Masked Marauder.A Charmeleon also appeared under the ownership of a Trainer named Jimmy in Judgment Day.A Charmeleon was seen on TV in The Breeding Center Secret.Charmeleon also appeared in Once More With Reeling.Red's Charmander evolved into a Charmeleon some time after Red beat Misty but before he faced Lt. Surge between File 1 - Red and File 2 - Cubone. It later evolved into a Charizard after Red defeated Koga between File 2 - Cubone and File 3 - Giovanni.Charmeleon debuts in Onix is On!, part of the Red, Green & Blue chapter, battling in the Pewter Gym as one of Blue's Pokemon. It evolved from Charmander sometime between The Secret of Kangaskhan and this round. When Red and Blue collided in Celadon City, Red mistakenly picked up the Poke Ball of Blue's Charmeleon, but he managed to give it back to Blue later. It has since evolved into Charizard with Blue's harsh training, and became even more powerful, assisting in the defeat of both the Team Rocket triads Koga and Sabrina, and continued to act as the powerhouse for both Blue and Red, in the two times it was (temporarily) traded to him since then.In Pokemon Zensho, Satoshi has a Charmeleon that evolved from the Charmander he received from Professor Oak. It later evolves again into Charizard.Evolves into Charizard when its Attack is 83 or higherCharmeleon resembles a small dinosaur with remnants of Charmander's salamander-like appearance. Although its nomenclature suggests commonality with the chameleon, Charmeleon exhibits very few of the major physiologically distinguishing traits of the chameleon. Charmeleon does not have the specialized zygodactylic feet, separately mobile eyes, extrudable tongue, or the ability to change color like some members of the chameleon species. The few characteristics it does share are the snout, a prominent head crest (which resembles a small horn in its Generation I back sprite), and extensive use of its tail. Chameleons have prehensile tails used for climbing and grasping, while Charmeleon utilizes its tail as a weapon.Charmeleon is a portmanteau of the word char (to burn) and chameleon.Lizardo is a corruption of the katakana spelling of lizard.
89 Chatot (Japanese:  Perap) is a dual-type Normal Flying Pokemon.It is not known to evolve into or from any other Pokemon.Chatot is an avian Pokemon similar to a parakeet. Its head is black and resembles an eighth note, while its black tail resembles a metronome. It plumage is brightly colored with blue wings, a yellow chest and feet, a green stomach, and a pink, hooked beak and eyelids. Additionally, there is a ruff of white feathers around its neck. This Pokemons tongue is similar to a human's, allowing it to imitate human speech. Chatot is also able to mimic the cries of other Pokemon, and uses this ability as a defense mechanism. Chatot uses the sounds it has learned and arranges them into its own melody, and flicks its tail to keep rhythm. Chatot is the only known Pokemon that learns Chatter.Chatot was Wigglytuff's assistant for his Wigglytuff Guild in the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time & Darkness and Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky - Beyond Time & Darkness. He was one of the two Pokemon (the other being Corphish) who kicked Team Razor Wind out of their guild.Chatot first appeared in Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea as The Phantom's pet.Chatot made its TV episode debut in Strategy Tomorrow - Comedy Tonight, where it is in the ownership of Ada.A Chatot in All Dressed up with Somewhere to Go was the previous year's champion of a Pokemon Cosplay Convention by singing like a Jigglypuff then a Lapras.A Chatot also appeared in Stealing the Conversation! as a partner of an Officer Jenny where it was kidnapped by Team Rocket.A flock of Chatot appeared in Following a Maiden Voyage.A Chatot appeared in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin!.An old man's Chatot appeared in Going for the Gold!.A Chatot appeared in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction.In Pokemon Adventures, Pearl owns a Chatot nicknamed Chatler who often smacks Diamond's Munchlax on the head. It, like a parrot, is able to perfectly mimic human speech, which it makes a habit of (although it cannot understand what it's saying).Chatot appears in the first chapter of Pocket Monsters DP.Chatot closely resembles a masked lovebird, a kind of small parrot. It also resembles a blue-and-yellow macaw. Its head looks like an eighth note, and its tail resembles a metronome. Additionally, its white neck feathers resemble a collar.Chatot is a combination of chat and parrot.Perap may be a combination of parrot and rap. It may also derive from  perapera, which can mean "fluent in languages" but also "blah blah blah", referring to how incessantly some parrots will talk and chatter.
90 Cherrim (Japanese:  Cherrim) is a Grass-type Pokemon.It evolves from Cherubi starting at level 25.Cherrim changes appearance in sunny weather.Cherrim is a small Pokemon with two different forms, both of which are dependent on the weather. During normal weather conditions, Cherrim is in its Overcast Form. Two purple petals enclose its deep pink body. A short purple stem and a green leafy sepal sprout from the top of the petals. Its eyes appear to be near its short legs in this form.When there is strong sunlight, Cherrim is in its Sunshine Form. Pink petals similar to cherry blossoms surround its head and cover its chest. Several of the petals radiate outward from a yellow sphere on the back of its head. There is a small, triangular patch of green on its neck. Additionally, two berry-like orbs, resembling cherry-shaped hair ornaments, adorn its head. It has stubby limbs, with the arms being pink and the legs being yellow.Cherrim waits quietly as a bud for a ray of sunlight. When it is hit with strong sunlight, it blooms and absorbs the rays with its entire body. It quickly changes from quiet to excitable and active. It will attempt to make up for everything it had to endure as a bud while the sunlight lasts. Once the light is gone, Cherrim folds back into a bud.Cherrim made its anime debut appearance in Battling the Generation Gap! under the ownership of Lila.Cherrim made its first appearance in the movie The Rise of Darkrai, where several of them appeared.Three Cherrim appeared in The Lonely Snover!.Multiple Cherrim made a brief appearance in Coming Full-Festival Circle!.In the Pokemon Adventures manga, Cherrim first appeared in the Seven Stars Restaurant under the ownership of one of its customers, however only its Overcast form was shown.Platinum received a Cherrim from Gardenia during the climax of the Diamond & Pearl chapter.It appears that Cherrim is based on cherry blossoms, flowers that are particularly symbolic of Japan.Cherrim is a combination of cherry and cherubim or blossom. It may also involve cherimoya (a fruit-bearing tree) or tirim (Irish for dry, as in dry weather).
91 Cherubi (Japanese:  Cherinbo) is a Grass-type Pokemon.It evolves into Cherrim starting at level 25.Cherubi is a small cherry-like Pokemon with a round, deep-pink body with two stubby feet. It has beady eyes and a purple-red stripe running down part of its face. Cherubi has a short stem with two big, green leaves and a second, much smaller head growing out of it. This second head is vestigial in terms of function, but it contains nutrients that contribute to Cherubi's growth as its initial source of food. As the second head is apparently edible, several Pokemon have been seen trying to pluck it off. When the second head begins to bloom it means Cherubi is close to evolving. It has been known to sun bathe on warm days. When it is about to evolve, the second head starts to wilt. Cherubi mainly photosynthesizes, and it is attracted to honey.Gardenia used a Cherubi in a battle against Ash in The Grass-type Is Always Greener and again in The Grass Menagerie.Another Cherubi appeared in Battling a Cute Drama! under the ownership of Marilyn.Multiple Cherubi made an appearance in The Rise of Darkrai.Cherubi was also seen under Reggie's care in Lost Leader Strategy!.A Cherubi had a minor appearance in Camping It Up!.Another Cherubi appeared in The Fleeing Tower of Sunyshore!.Multiple Cherubi made a brief appearance in Coming Full-Festival Circle!.A Cherubi made a very brief appearance in League Unleashed!.A photo of two Cherubi appeared in The Four Seasons of Sawsbuck!.A Cherubi made a brief cameo in SS024, outside Professor Rowan's lab.A Cherubi appeared as a mask for the festival in Capacia Island UFO!.Cherubi appears in Pokemon Adventures, in the Diamond & Pearl chapter. Gardenia used a Cherubi alongside her Roserade in a Double Battle against Platinum's Prinplup and Ponyta. After Piplup evolved into Prinplup, Cherubi's Grass Knot became more effective against the heavier Pokemon, leaving the Penguin Pokemon in a difficult situation. However, Platinum took advantage of the cover that the knots gave and the holes that Roserade's poison whips created to deliver a finishing Blizzard that defeated both her Pokemon.Gardenia's Cherubi also appears in Pokemon Diamond and Pearl Adventure!, as Hareta's first opponent. It attempted to use Leech Seed on Hareta's Shinx, but was quickly felled by cub's Bite.Cherubi appears to be based on a cherry.Cherubi may be a combination of cherry, cherubic (innocent or "childlike), and ruby (a shade of red).Cherinbo is a combination of cherry and  sakuranbo (cherry).
92 Chesnaught (Japanese:  Brigarron) is a dual-type Grass Fighting Pokemon.It evolves from Quilladin starting at level 36. It is the final form of Chespin.Chesnaught is a bipedal, mammalian Pokemon with some plant-like features. It possesses a prominent domed, armor-like shell similar to that of a chestnut. The armor is pale beige in coloration with four large spines jutting out of the back. The armor is trimmed with red and green bands, with the green on the outermost edge. There is an additional spine protruding from the armor over each of Chesnaught's shoulders, which are connected by a green breastplate. Its body is colored similarly to the shell, and its long limbs and tail are banded with plates of armor. The top surfaces of the tail and arms are protected by green armor, and the arms have two small spines. It has three brown, clawed digits on its hands and feet. Its hands can fuse together to create a spike-covered "shield". Chesnaught has fluffy white fur on its belly and fringing its face like a beard. It has a small, pink nose with a three-pointed patch of brown fur extending up its short snout. It also has four pointed teeth and a plate of beige armor atop its head, similar to a helmet.Chesnaught is renowned for its tank-like body; it is capable of throwing a Tackle that can flip a 50-ton truck. Once it gets into its defensive stance with its hands covering its face, it can stand up to a bomb's explosion. It will not hesitate to use its sturdy body to shield its allies from danger. Chesnaught is capable of learning Spiky Shield, its former signature move.Chesnaught debuted in Diancie and the Cocoon of Destruction under the ownership of Millis Steel.Chesnaught seems to be based on a hedgehog combined with a matured chestnut. It may also draw inspiration from "armored" mammals such as pangolins, armadillos, and glyptodonts. Its bulky "armor" is possibly a reference to split apart calybium and cupule, which are parts that protect the nuts of chestnut trees which split apart when sufficiently ripened. It is also based on knights and various types of body armor, including brigandines and barbutes.Chesnaught may be a combination of chestnut and juggernaut, knight, or dreadnaught.Brigarron may be a combination of brigandine and marron (French for chestnut) or baron.
93 Chespin (Japanese:  Harimaron) is a Grass-type Pokemon.It evolves into Quilladin starting at level 16, which evolves into Chesnaught starting at level 36.Along with Fennekin and Froakie, Chespin is one of three starter Pokemon of Kalos available at the beginning of Pokemon X and Y.Along with Fennekin, Froakie, Xerneas, and Yveltal, it was the first Generation VI Pokemon to be revealed to the public on January 8, 2013 as part of the Pokemon Direct broadcast.Chespin is a bipedal, mammalian Pokemon. It has a light brown front with dark brown arms and three triangular markings on its face. There is a tough, green shell covering its back, which extends from its head to halfway down its tail. There is a small, off-center hole in the shell on the back of Chespin's head. The shell can protect Chespin from powerful attacks. Around the face, the shell has four leaf-like spikes, and one split into three parts on the back of its head. These quills are typically soft, but Chespin can stiffen them and use them for attack as well. Chespin's oval eyes are brown, and it has a triangular red nose and rodent-like incisors. Its arms have three fingers, while its feet have two long claws. The visible part of its tapered tail is orange. Despite having a curious nature that tends to get it in trouble, Chespin keeps an optimistic outlook and does not worry about small details.[1]Clemont's Chespin first appeared in Mega-Mega Meowth Madness!, in which he was given to Clemont by Professor Sycamore.A Chespin named Chespie appeared in Mega Evolution Special I under the ownership of a beginner Trainer named Mairin.Chespin made its debut appearance in A Battle of Aerial Mobility! under the ownership of Professor Sycamore.A Starter Pokemon Chespin appeared in Day Three Blockbusters!.Professor Sycamore gave Trevor three starter Pokemon so that X might choose one and stop his shut-in behavior. Although initially reluctant, X decided to take Chespin and named it Marisso.Chespin sometimes appears from Poke Balls and will use Seed Bomb.Chespin, the Spiny Nut Pokemon. This Grass-type Pokemon is one of the new Pokemon you can choose when starting a new adventure. The spikes on its head could stop a truck. It can evolve into Quilladin. Its Seed Bomb move will scatter bombs around it that instantly explode.Chespin is based on a hedgehog[2] and a chestnut shoot.Chespin is a combination of chestnut and pin. It may also be from urchin (an old term for hedgehog), chinkapin (the name of some species of chestnuts), and spina (Latin for thorn).Harimaron is a combination of  harinezumi (hedgehog),  hari (needle), and marron (French for chestnut).
94 Chikorita (Japanese:  Chicorita) is a Grass-type Pokemon.It evolves into Bayleef starting at level 16, which evolves into Meganium starting at level 32.Along with Cyndaquil and Totodile, Chikorita is one of the three starter Pokemon of Johto available at the beginning of Pokemon Gold, Silver, Crystal, HeartGold, and SoulSilver.Chikorita is a small, pale green Pokemon with a darker necklace of buds. It has a large head in proportion to the rest of its body with large red eyes that appear to have no pupils. It has four short legs with a single nailed toe on each and a small tail. Its most distinguishing feature is the large leaf on the top of its head, which is usually longer than the rest of its body. Aside from the soothing aroma that wafts from its leaf, Chikorita uses its leaf to determine the temperature and humidity of the surrounding air.Chikorita can be found in grasslands throughout the Johto region. However, due to its status as a starter Pokemon, a wild Chikorita is hard to come by and it is generally found under the ownership of Trainers. Chikorita tends to be docile in nature due to its domestication from birth.Ash captured a Chikorita in The Chikorita Rescue. It had such high affections for Ash that sometimes came to a few faults, such as refusing to be switched out for Pikachu. Ash's Chikorita evolved in Current Events.Casey's Chikorita was first seen in The Double Trouble Header. It was Casey's starter Pokemon. It evolved into a Bayleef in The Bug Stops Here, and later evolved into a Meganium.Silver also owns a Chikorita, as seen in The Search for the Legend. It behaves much in the same way to him as Pikachu does to Ash, including traveling on his shoulder.A Chikorita was a member of Team Go-Getters in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Team Go-Getters out of the Gate!.Another Chikorita, under the ownership of Lyra, appears along with Totodile and Cyndaquil in An Egg Scramble!. It battled Dawn's Piplup. It also subsequently appeared in Bagged Then Tagged!, where it participated in a tag battle against Ash and Dawn.Chikorita has a role in Arceus and the Jewel of Life alongside the other Johto starters, Cyndaquil and Totodile.A Chikorita appeared in PK23 and Meloetta's Moonlight Serenade.Professor Elm showed a photograph of a Chikorita to Ash and his friends in Don't Touch That 'dile.Vincent received a Chikorita as his starter Pokemon as seen in the opening of The Legend of Thunder!.A Chikorita appeared in Off The Unbeaten Path!. It was in a field with Aron, Azurill, Smoochum, and Igglybuff.Another Chikorita has appeared in the Hearthome Collection in Arriving in Style!.A Chikorita was used by one of the participants of Pokemon Ping Pong Tournament in To Thine Own Pokemon Be True!.A Chikorita appeared as a mask for the festival in Capacia Island UFO!.A Chikorita appeared as a plush toy in A Jolting Switcheroo!.In Pokemon Adventures, Chikorita is the last of the three starter Pokemon to get a Trainer (in a similar fashion to Treecko never getting its rightful Trainer until Emerald steals him as a Sceptile, much later than the other two starters had) it debuted in Murkrow Row. It escapes from Professor Elm and follows Crystal until she decides to accept it to her team, where it had to pass a test. Crystal's Chikorita wears a star pendant, formerly owned by Smoochum, who accepted Chikorita when its Trainer did. It later evolves into a Bayleef to protect Crys from a Larvitar, then into Meganium during a fight with Lugia along with the other two Johto starters (whose Trainers had been in a coma for weeks from their defeat against the Masked Man). Crys nicknamed it Megaree* Mega*.In Magical Pokemon Journey, a Chikorita nicknamed Chiko appears.A Chikorita was stolen by Green before Where is Chikorita?! but was returned to Professor Oak later on.Black owned Bayleef as a Chikorita. It was his starter Pokemon when he began his journey in Johto. However, he stole the Chikorita from Professor Elm's lab instead of having Elm give it to him. It evolved into a Bayleef prior to meeting up with Gold again. During an encounter with Lapras, Black released the Bayleef after it failed to defeat Lapras and Gold took Bayleef in.Takashi owns a Chikorita in Pocket Monsters HeartGold & SoulSilver Go! Go! Pokeathlon.Tsubaki owns a Chikorita in Pocket Monsters HGSS Jou's Big Adventure. It had a battled with Jou's Totodile and lost. Chikorita evolved into a Bayleef and then Meganium when Tsubaki met up with Jou in Team Rocket's headquarters in Mahogany Town.When released from a Poke Ball, Chikorita unleashes a Razor Leaf that hits any opponent in its path.Chikorita is also a Pokefloat. It is one of the smallest and floats around Psyduck."Chikorita was one of the first three Pokemon available in Pokemon Gold, Silver, and Crystal. A Grass-type Pokemon, it emits a delightful fragrance from the leaves on its head and loves to spend its time leisurely sunbathing. When called into battle, it uses its Razor Leaf move to strike at opponents' weak points."Chikorita returns to do the same as it did in Melee, unleashing Razor Leaf on release from a Poke Ball. It swings its leaf around violently until the green blades fly directly in front of it for a few seconds."A Leaf Pokemon. It loves sunbathing and can use the leaf on its head to check the temperature and humidity around it. Chikorita releases a sweet aroma from its leaf to becalm opponents into a slumber. It can also learn moves to help recover all Pokemon allies. Chikorita evolves into Bayleef by leveling up."Chikorita has similarities to sauropods. Its shape and appearance also alludes to that of a pear, or a Belgian endive, a type of chicory.Chikorita is a combination of chicory (a flowering plant) and ita (the feminine form of the Spanish suffix for something small or young).
95 Chimchar (Japanese:  Hikozaru) is a Fire-type Pokemon.It evolves into Monferno starting at level 14, which evolves into Infernape starting at level 36.Along with Turtwig and Piplup, Chimchar is one of three starter Pokemon of Sinnoh available at the beginning of Pokemon Diamond, Pearl, and Platinum.Chimchar is a bipedal Pokemon resembling a chimpanzee. Its fur is primarily a shade of orange, though its face, outer ears, underbelly, hands, and feet are light yellow. Its rear has a small, round, red patch that is usually obscured by flames produced by burning gas in its stomach. These flames go out when it goes to sleep, and burn weakly when it feels ill. Its ears are large in comparison to its head size and red inside. It has two pointed teeth in its upper jaw. Chimchar has red markings nearly surrounding its eyes, a swirl-like symbol on its chest, and five fingers on its hands with three toes on its feet. It has a swirly crest of hair on its head. Being very agile, it is able to climb the rocky ledges of tall mountains, where it lives.When Paul first appeared, he commanded a Chimchar in When Pokemon Worlds Collide!. Paul released it in Glory Blaze, allowing Ash to catch it in Smells Like Team Spirit. It evolved into Monferno in Evolving Strategies! and later into Infernape in Fighting Ire with Fire!.Flint received his Infernape as a Chimchar, as seen in Flint Sparks the Fire!.Chimchar first appeared in Following A Maiden's Voyage!. The little fire-monkey was teasing a Piplup after stealing food from it. Piplup then started firing a Bubble Beam attack, but Chimchar kept jumping out of the way. Staraptor was hit in Piplup's line of fire and created a Gust that wrecked everything in Professor Rowan's lab. Chimchar jumped out of a broken window with Piplup chasing after it. Another Chimchar owned by Rowan appears in SS024.Chimchar is also one of the two main members of Team Pokepals which appeared in Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time & Darkness and Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky - Beyond Time & Darkness.Alice from The Rise of Darkrai owns a Chimchar. She uses it to power her hot air balloon with Flamethrower. It later appeared in the ending credits of Arceus and the Jewel of Life.In Dawn of a New Era!, a Trainer at the Pokemon Center had a Chimchar.A Chimchar also appeared in Classroom Training!. It was battling a Turtwig at the Trainers' School.One also appeared in Meloetta's Moonlight Serenade.A Chimchar appeared as a plush toy in A Jolting Switcheroo!.A Chimchar ended up in Pearl's possession due to a mix-up. While in Eterna City, Chimchar evolved into Monferno, and became an Infernape with Tru after its usage in the Veilstone Gym challenge against Maylene.Chimchar was Mitsumi's starter Pokemon. While it appears as an Infernape throughout the story, it was seen as a Chimchar in a flashback in Battle Against Team Galactic...and Mitsumi!.In the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Blazing Exploration Team manga, an adaptation of Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time and Explorers of Darkness, main character Totodile teams up with a Chimchar named Hon, who was once a human, to form Team Blaze.Y Shirogane has a Chimchar which evolved into a Monferno and then into an Infernape due to the training he went through.One Chimchar figure has been released.Chimchar is a trophy in Super Smash Bros. Brawl."A Chimp Pokemon. With a flaming tail, Chimchar is skilled in Fire-type moves. Its light body affords it the ability to scale steep cliffs and live atop rocky mountains. Some say that the fiery tail is fueled by gas made in its stomach. Not even rain can put out the flames, but Chimchar always puts out the fire when asleep. Chimchar evolves into Monferno."Chimchar appears to be based on a young chimpanzee. However, the markings on its rear without the flame, (plus facial markings on its evolutions) seem to indicate that it is more a cross between a chimpanzee and a young baboon.Chimchar is a combination of chimp and charcoal or char (to burn).Hikozaru is a combination of  hi (fire),  ko (child), and  saru (monkey). Zaru is also used to describe an ape.
96 Chimecho (Japanese:  Chirean) is a Psychic-type Pokemon.It evolves from Chingling when leveled up with high friendship during the night.Chimecho is a small, round Pokemon with a mainly bluish white body shaped like a frin wind chime. It has beady, yellow eyes and three stubby limbs. Its body has a horizontal amaranth-colored pattern. Underneath its body extends a long, tag-like tail that has amaranth patterning at the bottom. A yellow, globular growth, referred to as a suction cup or a sucker, is connected to the top of its body.Chimecho can create ultrasonic sound waves and other noises. It uses seven different echoing cries to communicate with others. It is nocturnal and usually lives in grasslands and woods, but some are found in mountainous regions. It eats Berries that it plucks with its tail.James has a Chimecho that was obtained in Who's Flying Now? at the Fortree City Feather Carnival. It said its name in the Team Rocket motto right after Jessie's Wobbuffet, and James cherished it so much that he did not allow it to battle. In Sweet Baby James, James left his Chimecho with his Nanny and Pop-Pop to recover from illness at his old vacation home in Saffron City.A Chimecho appears in the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time & Darkness and Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky - Beyond Time & Darkness in the Wigglytuff Guild. She prepares the meals for the guild, allows the player to add Pokemon to his or her team, and also allows the player to arrange the team and choose different Team Leaders.A Chimecho appeared in Mastering Current Events! under the ownership of Maya.A Chimecho briefly appeared in The Rise of Darkrai.A Chimecho under the ownership of a Coordinator appeared in Yes in Dee Dee, It's Dawn!. It was used along with a Chingling for the Double Performance required during the Daybreak Contest.A Chimecho appeared as a mask for the festival in Capacia Island UFO!.James owns a Chimecho in the Ash and Pikachu manga.The old couple of Mt. Pyre each own a Chimecho.Chimecho appeared in the Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Blazing Exploration Team manga as a member of Wigglytuff's Guild.Chimecho is based on a Japanese frin wind chime.Chimecho is a combination of chime and echo.Chirean is a combination of  chirinchirin (onomatopoeia for bell chiming) and  frin (wind chime).
97 Chinchou (Japanese:  Chonchie) is a dual-type Water Electric Pokemon.It evolves into Lanturn starting at level 27.Chinchou is a small, round, blue fish-like Pokemon with a pair of tiny white fins and two small blue feet. Chinchou's eyes have unique pupils that are shaped like plus signs. It has two antennae that are positioned on its rear like two tails. There is a yellow teardrop-shaped orb at the end of each antenna. The electricity-generating cells in these antennae create so much electrical power that they even make Chinchou tingle slightly. Chinchou charges up its electric attacks by absorbing energy through its two antennae, and flashes its electric lights to exchange signals with others. Chinchou tends to lurk on the dark ocean floors, rarely ever coming up to the surface. However, it does have the ability to walk on land.Chinchou's first major appearance was in Takin' it on the Chinchou, under the ownership of Dayton.Trinity used a Chinchou in her battle against Misty in the Whirl Cup in The Perfect Match!. It reappeared in a flashback in Espeon, Not Included.Multiple Chinchou also appeared in Pokemon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea.Chinchou first appeared in Pikachu And Pichu.Two Chinchou appeared in The Legend of Thunder!. One was swimming in a lake, while the other one was swimming in a pool in a Pokemon Center.Chinchou is one of the Electric-type Pokemon that was seen in the lake with crystal in As Clear As Crystal.Multiple Chinchou were among the Pokemon living in Lake Slowpoke in Enlighten Up!.A school of Chinchou appeared in Pokemon Heroes. Also, two Chinchou along with a Mantine escorted Latias over to Ash and his friends' boat and another one competed in the Tour de Alto Mare.Multiple Chinchou appeared in the opening of Destiny Deoxys.Juan has a Chinchou that appeared in The Great Eight Fate!.A Chinchou also appeared in One Big Happiny Family! in Jessie's fantasy.Multiple Chinchou made cameo appearances in Giratina and the Sky Warrior.A Chinchou appeared in Up Close and Personable!.Multiple Chinchou appeared in Kalos, Where Dreams and Adventures Begin!.Multiple Chinchou appeared in An Undersea Place to Call Home!.Chinchou were first seen in Number One Donphan, encountered by Gold during his search for his Poliwag.In Teddiursa's Picnic a Chinchou appeared in its Pokeball after the wild Granbull had spitted out all the Pokeballs it stole to get attention about its dislocated jaw, it was later returned to its owner by Wilton afterwards.Misty is later seen with a Chinchou in Chinchou in Charge, using it to light up the area behind the Tohjo Falls.A Chinchou was one of the rental pokemon used by Emerald in his Factory challenge.It is based on an anglerfish, more specifically the footballfish.Chinchou is a play on  chchin (lantern).Chonchie is a corruption of  chchin (lantern). Also,  chchin-ank is the name of the footballfish, a deep-sea fish similar to Chinchou's evolution, Lanturn. Notably,  chwa is Japanese for harmony, describing the balance of Chinchou's water and electric types.
98 Chingling (Japanese:  Lisyan) is a Psychic-type baby Pokemon.It evolves into Chimecho when leveled up with high friendship during the night.Chingling is a yellow, spherical Pokemon similar to a bell. It has stubby arms and legs, as well as beady, black eyes. On either side of its mouth is a large, black spot. Inside its mouth is a red orb, which creates a ringing sound as the Pokemon moves. Additionally, the orb can be vibrated to create high frequency, long lasting cries to deafen its opponents. The sounds produced can be too high for people to hear. Atop its body is ring-like growth with a striped rope through the middle. The rope is red-and-white with short tassels on the ends.Three Chingling appeared in The Bells Are Singing! under Francesca's ownership.A Chingling appeared in Battling a Cute Drama! under the ownership of Marilyn.Chingling first appeared in the tenth movie, The Rise of Darkrai.A Chingling belonging to a Coordinator appeared in Yes in Dee Dee, It's Dawn!. It was used along with a Chimecho for the Double Performance required during the Daybreak Contest.A Chingling made a brief cameo in SS024, outside Professor Rowan's lab.In Pokemon Adventures, a Chingling belonging to the Advanced level Grunt of Team Galactic appeared in Stunning Staravia & Stinky Skuntank I. It has an unusually threatening face, and powerful sound abilities to match.Chingling makes a cameo appearance being captured by Hareta at the start of the special chapter The Tale of Hareta and Shaymin.Chingling is based on a  Suzu bell, used at Shinto shrines.Chingling may derive from chime and jingling, possibly incorporating youngling, denoting its status as a baby Pokemon.Lisyan may be a combination of  rin (bell),  rinrin (onomatopoeia for bell chiming), and  shanshan (onomatopoeia for bell ringing). It may also be a play on listen.
99 Cinccino (Japanese:  Chillaccino) is a Normal-type Pokemon.It evolves from Minccino when exposed to a Shiny Stone.Cinccino is a furry, gray chinchilla-like Pokemon. It has large ears located to the sides of its head, with red insides partly covered by tufts of fur. Its eyes are large and brown, with a small, rounded nose. Its limbs are somewhat rounded and small, and its tail is long, fluffy and incredibly white in color. It also has two large long fluffs on its head that wrap around its back. It uses its long fur as a scarf. Its fur is coated in a special oil that repels enemy attacks. Its fur feels amazing to touch, and it repels dust and prevents static electricity from building up.A Cinccino appeared in Beauties Battling for Pride and Prestige! under the ownership of Moira. It battled Ash's Snivy and lost.Cinccino made its debut in WhiteVictini and Zekrom and BlackVictini and Reshiram.A Cinccino appeared in Jostling for the Junior Cup! participating in the Pokemon World Tournament Junior Cup under the ownership of Horatio.A Cinccino made a brief appearance in Crowning the Scalchop King!.Janitor Geoff owns a Cinccino that he used to battle Black. Its fur prevented it from being hurt by Electric-type attacks but was defeated when Black used a strategy to get around it.Cinccino is based on a chinchilla. Its white "hair" is very similar in appearance to high class women's hairstyles in the early 1600s. The white fur draped around its neck resembles shawls, scarfs and boas, possibly a reference to how chinchillas are controversially hunted for their fur.Cinccino and Chillaccino may be a combination of chinchilla and chino cloth.
100 Clamperl (Japanese:  Pearlulu) is a Water-type Pokemon.It evolves into Huntail when traded holding a Deep Sea Tooth or into Gorebyss when traded holding a Deep Sea Scale.Clamperl is an aquatic Pokemon that makes its home on the seafloor. Its bivalve shell is dark blue with a silver rim along the inner edges. The shell is used to clamp down on prey, as well as for protection. A fully-grown shell will have nicks and scratches all over. Inside of the shell is a fragile, light blue body composed of six spherical extensions with a pink, pearl-like head in the center. There is a circular white patch on each cheek. The pearls produced by this Pokemon amplify psychic power, and may be blue as seen in the anime. When it is close to evolution, Clamperl will become too big to fit inside its shell.Clamperl made its debut in Clamperl of Wisdom. Spoink lost its pearl and took a blue pearl that was created by a Clamperl from Isaiah's lab. Team Rocket also wanted to get their hands on the blue pearl.Clamperl were also featured in The Evolutionary War!. Trainers that lived on the A-B-C Islands had a rivalry over which Clamperl evolution was stronger.A Clamperl appeared in the opening of Lucario and the Mystery of Mew.A Coordinator used a Clamperl in New Plot, Odd Lot!.One also appeared in Meloetta's Moonlight Serenade.Multiple Clamperl appeared in Going for the Gold!.Clamperl made a minor appearance as a member of Wallace's party during his ascent to Champion. Little is known about it, not even its gender or nickname.Clamperl is possibly based on an oyster or a giant clam. Clamperl's appearance and its evolutions suggest that it could also be based on roe.Clamperl is a combination of clamp or clam and pearl.Pearlulu is a combination of pearl and lulu (slang for someone or something that is exceptional or remarkable). It may also involve  lulu (Arabic for pearl).